And then when I came up here to run this office, when we first merged, I had a corporate apartment in the city because I hadn't sold my house. We hadn't moved around and stuff, so I'd just be here Monday through Friday. And it would take me 35 minutes just in the city to get to the office. Yeah. After eight years, I guess, I've gotten used to it.
We had another consultant with us, but her daughter, I think, broke her arm this morning. She had to head back to Florida this morning. It's always kind of my worst fear of a parent traveling for work. Yeah. That's the worst thing. Oh, yeah. When you're away and there's really nothing you can do. Yeah. All right. I think I'm good. Thanks again for hosting us.
Absolutely. I'm glad to have you guys here. I think it will make our time much more efficient. It does. And it's also nice to see people face to face. Yeah. Because for us, we're, you know, North Carolina, Florida, we're all over the place. Yeah. Working remote. And so whenever we get a chance to get together and it's kind of like, it's funny because, um i talked to some people like well actually my fiance is a nurse she's like i wish i could work from home i'm like it's actually not that fun.
it's not um except except you do avoid traffic that part's nice yeah during covid you know we're all remote it's kimmy kimmy hi marcus nice to meet you, kimmy's our director of account management is going to be our change management leader perfect.
kip kip marcus nice to meet you i thought we've yes. did you meet kimmy that's kimmy she said she's head of all change management. Thank you, thank you, my name's Kevin. Kevin Marcus, nice to meet you. Hi, I'm Wendy, I manage the PMs.
Okay, very good, nice to meet you. Marcus. Wendy. Wendy, I'm Wendy. Hi, nice to meet you. Hi. Yep. And I'm Chris. Hi, Chris. Hi, nice to meet you too. Good morning, Jenny. Good morning, Kate. Hey there. Good morning.
We're sitting on your lap. Well, this will be our first meeting. This has to... Remove your bag. Oh, I can't move my bag, I'm so sorry. Oh, you're fine. Sorry, let me get that out of your way. You're making me sit next to him. Put that radiator on. Are you sure you want it to? No. I know.
What's that? Yeah, do the next session. I will. I got the... Oh, yeah. Right? Oh, yeah, that's fine. Yeah. So...
All right, let's get started. We're already a minute to time. We're doing good. All right, do you want me to kick it off? Yes, please go ahead. No, go ahead, and I'll do my speech after you. Okay, welcome to Orion. Buckle up. So, for the next three days, you guys will be popping in and out of meetings. Some of you will be in meetings all day, but I thought we could start by going around.
We'll start with those on Zoom. Zoom. Do an intro, just really quick. Name what your role is, and then we'll go through the room here. I'll call you out. Okay. Jenny. Hey there, I'm Jenny Lombardi, and I'm a Senior Account Manager at Team League. Alex. Hello, Alex Tyson, general manager of our Sacramento office. Kate. Yeah, I am Kate Engelstrom. I'm the general manager of our San Jose office. I will be in office with you all later today. Michelle. Michelle Merlo, director of HR. And Rafina. I'm Rafina Kochkina. I'm a design manager. Awesome. Thank you all Zoom users. Jillian. Jillian Gala, planning agent. Carlos Rodriguez, brand director. Kevin Yip, GL accounting manager.
Kip Hurdick, director of IT. Shanna Dollarhide, project coordinator. Thank you. Lorraine Guzman, head of finance. And Kimi Katsuyoshi, director of account management. Wendy Sproles, program manager. We'll do us and then we'll do them. Oh, sorry. Wait a minute. Some people are laughing. Why is everyone staring at you? I know. I'm like, Wendy Stark, I'm the manager of project management. I'm trying to project manage this room.
And then, not on yet, but Jill Marsh, who's our GM and Senior VP for San Francisco, will also be joining some of our meetings. Perfect. All right. And then you all know who I am at this point. So, let's start with you. I think we may. No. Go ahead, Chris. Chris Trumbull, Director, San Francisco. I'm the CEO of Approprio Cloud Solutions, which is the entity that owns the Orion IP,
but also the VP of Dealer Business Development at GSI. I'm a Senior NetSuite Consultant with GSI. I've been in the business NetSuite area for about the last eight years. in industry for more than eight years in manufacturing, service, distribution, those types of stuff. I'm Janet Goldstein, Senior NetSuite Consultant with GSI. I've been in the NetSuite area for 10 years, been through a number of implementations.
My experiences range from manufacturing to retail to non-profit to all across the board. Happy to be here. You've seen it all. Yes, why don't you go ahead? All right, thank you very much for hosting us. As I was mentioning to Matt, we don't get to do this very often, to meet with clients face-to-face. It's very nice to be able to do that, so really appreciate you hosting us. And I also know that this is a deviation from your normal workday, and you guys are busy people, so really appreciate your time.
So we're excited about the next three days. We have a number of sessions that we'll be going through. Today, we start it easy. So our discovery kickoff is really just a little bit about kind of setting the stage for what this next few days are going to be like, really leading into the next six or eight weeks or so. And our first session is really just kind of talking about the methodology of how we do discovery, how we do our implementations, how we handle project management, and it is.
really just kind of a get-to-know session. So we kind of take it light so everybody can kind of just sit back a little bit. We're going to take it easy. Things will get a little bit more, I don't want to say intense, but we'll get a little bit more focused in the afternoon session when we get into marketing and CRM. We'll get down to business then, so we'll kind of ease into it today. Just to give you a little bit more background about myself, so I've been in the NetSuite space for 20 years now. So way back in the day when I was just a young'un, I self-implemented NetSuite at a new company.
that a friend of mine... and I were building. It was an e-commerce company and it was like the typical startup. We were literally in his kitchen with two old Dell machines at his kitchen table and we had this idea for an e-commerce company. And we had some initial success and immediately we ran into the challenge of how do we manage this company? We had QuickBooks. We had our software for the website. We had probably two or three other software packages and a lot of Excel, just trying to wrap.
our arms around all the reporting needs, the accounting needs, the sales needs, customer service. And really quickly, we were bootstrapping it. We were a startup and I realized there's no way that we could ever afford to hire enough people to help manage this company. And we needed to have a server, which means we needed to put that somewhere physically and host it. And right around that time, we heard that we needed to have a server, which means we needed to put that somewhere physically and host it. And right around that time, we heard about NetSuite. originated at San Jose, I believe. And so we did a demo of NetSuite and it was.
really for us and we were more tech savvy and so we were like this is really cutting-edge. The idea that you could have an ERP and access it via a browser was browser-based. We didn't have the term the cloud yet. That means we didn't have to have a server. We didn't have to have a march of a thousand spreadsheets. We didn't have to have QuickBooks who didn't handle inventory management very well at the time at all. And so for us it was somewhat of a lifesaver. And so I self-implemented NetSuite for that company and I'm really glad we did. The.
company grew very fast. Chris came and joined us not too long after that and probably four or five other people that are currently on our team worked with me at that company. I did that for 13 years. They're still on NetSuite. Over a hundred employees, over a hundred million a year in revenue, the largest. It's kind of a niche company. How would you describe it? Outdoor, fire? Indoor. Indoor and outdoor fire. fire place company in the country Woodland direct if you ever need a discount Chris can hook you up lots of nice fire pits and we're still friends.
with the owner there and everybody else but that's kind of our success story so we were customers of NetSuite long before we were partners I moved on from that company and started a finance company and I was living in New York at the time and no good software in that industry for what we were doing we were doing mortgages and so having had a lot of experience with nuts you know I was like I think I can create a loan management system on NetSuite for this company and so I built that out and had a lot of success there and then at that time I was like I think I can do this for other companies I think I could be.
coming that's we consultant and a NetSuite partner so with some other people that I knew we started a company and that was called ERP success partners you probably heard of them and actually Matt that's when you and I got introduced so, I'm gonna go a little bit deeper here just because I want you to understand, that I do have some experience in furniture and how that actually happened because I know you guys are very niche and very unique furniture in general and very complicated. Very complicated compared to other industries.
Which is why we have two senior consultants with us who have kind of touched on everything across and done things across the gamut. But we were, so my partner was, we were based out of Montreal and so my partner was like hey I'm going to take Canada and France because it's French, he's French speaking and you just take the whole US, you have the whole territory, figure out what to do. But hey I heard, we did an implementation a few years ago for a dealer, a contract office furniture dealer and I was like what's contract office furniture, I don't even know what that is.
He said look into that and do some digging, do some research, there's probably something there for us in contract office furniture. So I did start doing some digging and as it turns out Herman Miller, Hayworth and Steelcase were right in my backyard in Michigan and I didn't even know that. Chris is familiar with those companies, but you know, they're just an hour and a half, two hours for me. So I started learning, built some connections, and then somehow, pretty quickly we got engaged with Steelcase, and you guys are all familiar with Steelcase.
And they have Hedberg, and at the time they were looking to replace Hedberg. And so they were considering Nutsuite, and they were considering Microsoft. So we went into a year-long sales cycle with them, and they would say, hey, can Nutsuite do X, Y, and Z? And we said, yes, of course. Yes, of course it can, but not for furniture. Hold on a second. Give me a second. We would build some type of prototype customization specific to furniture, demo it for Steelcase, and they would be like, great, okay, now can it do this? So for a year, we just built out these prototypes,
components, just to demonstrate to them that we can do this, we could support furniture inside of Nutsuite. And then at the end of that, Steelcase said, yeah, hey, we want to move forward with Nutsuite. This is great. We want to work with you to build H2. At that point, me and my business partners had what I would call a misalignment of values and I walked away from the company at that point. And I was an owner and so I had a non-compete and so I went into exile for two years and became a NetSuite administrator and worked with Chris at another e-commerce company.
And just after that, just before I resigned, I had also been engaged with Herman Miller. Herman Miller had reached out to us and basically they wanted to do the same thing. They wanted to consider NetSuite and Microsoft. And so we had done the same thing, the same sales cycle, and really kind of got to the point where they were pretty much ready to move forward. But at that point, I was like, this isn't the right fit for me. Time for me to move on. And so Herman Miller did continue down that road with ERP Success Partners. You guys are probably all familiar with this story because they were the original partner on the project with the pilot dealers.
We need to share all the drama. Yeah, there is drama, but sorry. So after the two years my exile was up, Miller Knoll, now Miller Knoll, gave me a call and said, hey, we're not, it's not going well with the current project, can you put together a team, since you were the one who built the original software, and I was like, yeah, but that was prototype software, that wasn't like real software. So if we do this, we have to do it for real, and we have to start from scratch, it needs to be a comprehensive solution, and they liked that idea, and so they said, okay, put together a team, create for us a component that you can demonstrate to us, come to Holland and.
demonstrate the component to us, and we did, me and, and I grabbed some of our guys that we had been working with for a while, and we built out a SIF import tool for NetSuite, a SIF import tool, to import the SIF file, yeah, and so we demoed that for them, and they were like, yeah, we like this, find a good NetSuite partner to work with, and let's make this happen. And so at the time we were engaged with them. We worked with a couple of NetSuite partners, actually, GSI was one of them. There was another one out of California, Scale North.
We were looking at who to move forward with. We first moved forward with a company out of Santa Clara, actually, Sweet Centric. And we worked with them for a while, and then we quickly realized we needed more resources. Started working with GSI. GSI, one of the owners, is right in our backyard and actually lives right by Chris in Michigan. And so we started collaborating now with GSI. So we have Sweet Centric, GSI. GSI is a much larger company, over 100 consultants there and a lot more resources.
And so that's kind of how we arrived here today. I have implemented dealers onto the NetSuite platform, so you should know that. Are there Miller & Old dealers? They're not Miller & Old dealers, no. They're primarily Hayworth dealers, is who I worked with initially. But we have now engaged with, you know, we have pilot dealers that are in the process of moving and going live. And then we have a number of other Miller & Old dealers we're engaged with. So, the solutions that we built, we brought in a team of solution architects that are.
NetSuite experts, but also furniture experts. So, people that worked in furniture dealers for the past, I'm going to age them all, but they're all like 20-year veterans of furniture dealers. Apparently, in your industry, nobody ever leaves. They just move around, yeah. So, Joe Keller, who had built some software and worked at Continental Furniture Dealer out of Ohio. He's one of, he's actually one of our equity partners, one of our team members at Proprio. And then, Catherine Campbell, who worked at Catalyst.
She was also one of the solution architects. And then, Jennifer McKinney. I don't know if you know Jennifer McKinney. Oh, you do. Okay, yeah, I thought so. She also worked with us on some of our solutions as well. So, long road. We're at the, we're kind of at the end now and really focused on implementation and the software build, I should say. Focused on implementation. really happy to be here with you and thank you for indulging me just to kind of give you the back story there yeah it is a little bit confusing I admit it one.
of the challenges that we ran into you at my previous company is we were one entity part of us part of some of us were building software and some of us were consulting and there wasn't a clear there weren't clear lines as to what the roles were and went and that created a lot of problems because we were able to finish the software because our developers kept getting pulled into implementations so one of the first things we wanted to do differently with this project was we wanted to keep them separate so we have a separate company just for software that's appropriate cloud solutions and so we own the IP and.
we've created the IP for Orion and then we partner now, with GSI and SuiteCentric. And there was even another NetSuite partner involved, as well, Centric, on the implementation side. So selling NetSuite and implementing NetSuite. And then Chris kind of, we have our feet in both. We work for GSI, but we also own Proprio Cloud. Because it's really important to me that the software is being sold and implemented properly.
Miller & Noll is really engaged with all three companies, Proprio, GSI, SuiteCentric. And their role really is more like project sponsor. They, Dustin, I don't know, have you met Dustin? OK, so Dustin is at Miller & Noll. He's the product owner of Orion. And so from a tech standpoint, he gives us a lot of support. And has actually even had a hand in some of the solution architecture of the software as well, because he used to work at a dealership.
So Miller & Noll is a little bit, I don't want to say arm's length away, but they are just more of a project sponsor. They don't have any real involvement in the implementation, except they do provide some project management resources from time to time and some consulting from us. But they don't own – we do get a lot of questions about this from – and just in case anybody's wondering, they have no access to your database, to your NetSuite. There's a clear line between them.
They wanted to make sure that that was the case. Because you guys are autonomous companies. You buy from Miller & Noll, but you buy from other people. And there's always been the concern, does Miller & Noll have access to that data? And the answer is no. The only access to the data of your data that they have is what you send via order manager, or the price quote tool. So have they implemented? Well, they're on it. Yeah, they're on a – yeah, I forget what they're on. They're on Oracle something.
Yeah. And they're a manufacturer yeah, yeah, and they're a manufacturer, so that's a whole nother, animal. Maybe some of you would have enough time to Google every single question, So what Ryan is a Ryan is a pre-configured system within that suite?
That is proprietary to you all, And then so we're licensed that's we license Orion, and then we also pay for implementation support So that's what the difference between all of that is so when you hear Orion That's the I don't know if you came up with that name All actually did yeah, that's the name of the project basically and now it's turning in the name of the tool So we're going to very similar to like when we implement.
Salesforce, we hired Salesforce people to come in and configure it the way we wanted it. But we had to tell them exactly what we want to do. The nice thing about Orion is that it should be 95% there. That's what we're going to find out over the next three days. That's what all these meetings are about. So we're going to come in, they're going to show us what it does for that, and then we're going to say well this is what we do, or this is how we do it, or blah, and then we're going to decide do we tweak or do we live with what the way it is? Do we make the system change their process, or do we change our process to meet the system?
What I've asked, and you probably are going to roll your eyes because I've said this 900 times, I want us to meet the system at every moment that we can. We are not creating a new core. Not the point of this. So, it's going to, Lorraine has said it, and I'm going to steal it from her at this moment, but it's going to get uncomfortable, and it's going to be tough, and we're going to have to make ourselves be okay with change, and we're going to have to make our teams be okay with change. Some of you might, have like a little tiny role you'd be like okay great no problem I don't care.
whatever moving on and others of you are probably going to be in tears some days and you know we have Kleenex it'll be fine. The great thing about this whole program is that Orion is the starting point so we're gonna base everything off of Orion and then we can go back to them at any time and say you know what we're struggling with this we want to build out a new platform for that or we're struggling with this we want to think about this or this has changed and we want to change that. We can all we can do that we can hire them to do that we.
can if it's easy enough we can do it we have the flexibility to do whatever we want and Miller Knowles point of all of this is that they have so many dealers on team design or on core and they're on all these closed systems that are privately owned companies that don't have huge infrastructure and if you know if the family of core is all traveling on one plane together and something goes wrong there goes core. So this provides us a, The ability to grow, continue to grow, be with a...
NetSuite is owned by Oracle, right? Yeah, Oracle. So one of the largest ERP systems in the world. Many, many large companies are running off of Oracle software. So that is the point of all of this, is to help us grow and to have software that can talk to other software. And the biggest perk, I think, is going to be for finance. So Lorraine's going to be smiling a lot, while the rest of you might not be smiling. I didn't give a moment, but in the long run, it should work out for everybody.
Very good. Matt, if you ever need a job, I'll gladly hire you to promote Orion. That's great. That's good. Clearly, you're paying attention. You hit some major points. That's great. Thank you. All right, let's see what we got here on our slide deck. Okay, just a brief statement of understanding. Kind of as we're going into this discovery, KBM Hoag, successful millennial dealer transitioning from current suite of software solutions to the unified NetSuite Orion Enterprise platform to manage their business end-to-end from a single fully integrated system.
That's our goal. When we built out the software, we wanted to give you all the tools that you can manage your business in the one platform for two main reasons. Number one, we want you to save money so you don't have to spend money on that additional software. And then number two, there's a myriad of efficiencies gained when all your data is in one system and it's not siloed. And then as you continue to scale operations, pursue growth opportunities, Orion will be the platform that will enhance operational efficiency. Does that kind of sum it up pretty good, do you think, Matt?
Is there any other primary objectives in the move to this software? Those are mine. I don't know if anybody else wants to add anything to it. It aligns with what we constantly hear, which is... I don't know. out of court, to manipulate it, to tell us what we want it to be told, and we have no way of managing or understanding what is happening at any given moment in real time or what is about to happen. All right, so our agenda today, we already did introductions and roles and responsibilities.
We're going to talk a bit about a successful implementation. We'll talk about the risks, our process, and then we'll have our discovery workshop. I also want you to know that this slide deck was developed by Chris and I. We sat down, and these are our thoughts that we want to share with you. This isn't just something that was made by somebody and kind of handed to us. This is all important stuff. So first is project governance. From our side, the GSI team, and you'll hear us say proprio, but really, you're going to.
be primarily engaged with GSI, and Chris and I are representatives of GSI, and we have Gary and Janet here as well. Okay. So on our side, the executive sponsor, Sean Scanlon, I'm not sure if you've met him before, but he will be on calls, but he's one of the owners. There's four owners of GSI. Sean is the EVP, and NetSuite falls under him. GSI is a very large company. They're an Oracle Platinum partner. They also do J.D. Edwards, so they have two ERPs that they do. So Sean is over in NetSuite, and he really is providing kind of the executive oversight.
We meet with him multiple times a week. He's always asking, what do you need? Andy is the program director. He's really kind of the NetSuite practice director. And so if at any time there's a point of escalation and there's some type of problem, it would get to Andy before it gets to Sean and really would also go to Chris and I. And we're really functioning here today as furniture SMEs. So we're part of the discovery. And I really wanted to do this because, again, being on the customer side for you,
years. One of the challenges I always saw as a customer was, hey, the guy that's selling me the software is not the guy that's implementing the software. And he's overselling. And then the implementation team comes in and says, I know what the sales guy told you, but this is actually what the software can do. And that's a tough pill to swallow if I just spent a lot of money on a piece of software. And that's, to me, in my mind, that is a major problem. That's what's wrong with professional services. So we don't want any part of that. So Chris and I do the selling, and Chris.
and I also do the discovery. So at any time, if there's ever a question and you say, hey, you said this, we can explain it, but there's no chance of us overselling because we're also responsible for the implementation. So I think that gives the client a much better experience. And then we also want to be part of discovery because we want to make sure that from a software standpoint, if there's new solutions, requirements that are coming up or what we built doesn't meet your requirements, we really want to be in the know on that. so we want to have that feedback loop so we're leading the discovery but.
just so you know after discovery there's going to be lead consultants that are going to be working with you going forward um project management on our side tom shannon he's the head of the pmo office i listed him there because he's going to eventually assign your implementation to another pm it's possible that he will take it on here he does have some uh projects that he takes on as well but he's the lead in the pmo office and then at this point um but just so you know who the roles are lead consultants um gary janet they are the consultants it's not guaranteed at.
this point that they'll be on your project um but because we have other lead consultants as well when we get to the end of discovery we'll look at resource management and make some decisions there, same thing with data migration lead we'll have somebody internally who's kind of leading that data migration is is a big deal during implementation, and then, integration lead, If there are any integrations that need to take place, our fingers are crossed in hoping that there isn't. But we do have that expertise in-house. We do lots of integrations all the time.
Then on your side, executive sponsor, program manager, functional workstream leads, or maybe you've heard that, like you might call them SMEs or process area owners, and then change management lead, which I think we met, sounds like Kimmy's going to be the lead there. I keep on saying that. She's like, wait a second. That's a goal. So can we make a couple of assumptions here, or identify here, Matt, I would say, are you the executive sponsor?
Yes. Okay. And then program manager, kind of the- Lorraine. Okay. And then the functional workstreams or SMEs will just be people that you identify for each department, or depending on how you look at it, you look at it, think about it from a department standpoint or process- So you might have two departments in one meeting. Yep, and that's fine. And it's also typical that sometimes one person is filling multiple roles, but you guys, this is already identified. So we have that on the transcript.
Let me just mention one thing about recording. So we will be recording every session. We will have transcripts of every session. I have this pin, so if you see me walk around with this pin, this is a recording device because we also use this for transcriptions as a backup in case any of this fails. But one of the things that we do, much like most companies, we're leveraging AI as much as possible to make this whole process more efficient and easier for us and for you. And so what we do is we take all of our transcripts, all of our meeting notes,
we put them into an AI project, and then from that AI project, we kind of build that out, and that's what helps us build our documentation. And also it helps us remember everything. So we can go to that. project inquiry and remember what software you're currently using or what did Matt say during this meeting and we can get clarification so if you meet me in the hallway don't don't tell me any secrets because my my mic is on and then once we get deeper into the project just the communication plan and so status.
reporting that's happening weekly we have working sessions that might be weekly twice right now we have another dealer that we're doing three meetings a week so we will kind of set the cadence for this but we kind of wanted to give you a baseline change control so let's talk about change management as it just relates to the project once we get through discovery and we'll talk a little bit more about the BRDs that's one of the deliverables from discovery business requirements documents and we'll have a scope document our sow at that point the.
project is like somewhat locked like we've identified everything that we're going to work on in this particular phase, And I say phase because a lot of times during discovery we'll identify areas that you guys want to attack but decide that you're going to save that for after go live in a future phase, which is wise. And we'll talk a little bit about making those decisions. Those are important decisions because scope creep is a real thing. If during the implementation you want to make a change and you want to add something to the project,
we will come back, and especially whoever's PMing this, they're going to preach caution and discipline. But if you still decide, yeah, actually I really want this in, it's really important. And this happens too, especially in large projects. Things happen, new requirements come up, or you get a big client and you need something. That's happened. And that's okay. That'll be a change order. And that's going to affect the timeline. So just be aware of that. And we're really careful. Our goal is we want to get you live, and we want you realizing the value of the platform.
as soon as possible and as safely as possible. But it happens a lot, especially when you start to involve your team members into the project and they start to see what's possible, and they get excited, and it can solve problems that they have right now. People are going to want that, and we have to just be really careful about that. So we go through a change order process and document all that and have you sign off on that. And then typically we use Microsoft Teams to facilitate communication, but I think it's.
going to be different with you guys because you don't typically use Teams? We can use Teams. Okay. We all have Teams accounts. Okay. But we are Zoom-based. Zoom-based. But if it makes more sense to be in Teams, we're used to it. Every Miller & Noll meeting we join is on Teams. Okay. It's possible. If we're looking to do... We're looking to do... You know, chat threads or anything. like that, it'd probably be easier to just add you all to the job show. It'd probably be easy for us to just join you on Teams. Okay.
Chat in Teams. What I've noticed is Teams has got equipment for all of these meetings if they were on Teams job shows. And maybe that's a good thing, but it's a no-show, so we can manage our teams. I'm sure he was talking, but we can't hear. One moment, we have a siren going by.
It's a busy city. There we go. I was just commenting that if I've seen, and I don't know if this is a user error problem, but Teams meetings sometimes don't show up on the comments. That's interesting. Okay, we'll have to look into that. But we can figure out the logistics side of it. Yep. So that'll be one of the action items from this meeting today is for us to decide on the on the communication platform. Okay. Yep. And you'll hear me say that a lot. I'll say for the.
sake of the transcript, because I because we don't need to necessarily take notes anymore, because the transcript does no taking for us, even though we still sometimes do take notes. Okay. So what does a successful implementation look like? So this is again, Chris and I put this together. This is from our perspective, and we want to hear your feedback. But really, our goal and our hope for you is at the end of all of this, you have smooth day to day operations, takes a minute to get there. Anytime like you're, you guys are working in the ERP right now,
and that click path is so deeply worn into your brain, it's so easy to click, click, click, click and get to where you want. And you have to create those new click paths. It takes a minute, but eventually what we want is it to be very smooth. Zero business disruption is what we're shooting for, and so we do have some strategies for that. When it comes time to go live, we'll talk more about that. Data migration, very critical. And then your team being fully trained. And we'll talk more about the training strategy.
We do end user training. We do also like to find kind of that group of NetSuite champions, people that kind of take to the software really well, because you really need those people in your organization because you don't want to be dependent on us for ongoing training with your team. So we'll try to identify those people early, and we'll invest time into them. Optimize business processes. We're expecting things to be better. I mean, that's why you're doing this. It's not for things to be harder.
It's for them to be better. Powerful automations. NetSuite has something called a workflow engine. And we'll talk a lot about that, opportunities to do automations, stronger integrations if necessary, specifically with Miller Knoll. We do have our integration with Exemplis completed, and we have engaged with some other manufacturers. And we might need your help because we have been met with resistance. So we've created an integration platform specifically for Orion to make these integrations easy.
And so we can go pretty fast, but we're probably going to need your help to lean on these manufacturers. I think it was human scale and national, both of them said no, so we might ask for some help there. And then real-time visibility. And the one important thing to note with NetSuite is everything's in real-time, everything's in the one platform, everything's reportable on your dashboards, and you can go from your dashboards down to the actual transaction.
Okay. And the idea there is you have up-to-date information, you can make quicker and better decisions with the hope that that hits the bottom line. And then our hope again, too, is that once you get on this platform, you're really primed for scaling and increasing and doing that with the same staff without having to add labor. So you're leveraging the technology to be able to grow without having to add additional labor. And our commitment is you don't just go live, you thrive. A little cheesy, but you'll remember it.
So how do we achieve success? So let's talk about this. Structured implementation methodology. So that's on us. That's our responsibility. We need to have strong project management, clear communication, comprehensive training process, proven implementation framework. We'll talk about our dream methodology. Also a little cheesy, but hey, everybody remembers it. And then quality assurance, rigorous testing, UAT.
Now on the client side, and I do this slide specifically because I've been in implementations where our team has done everything they can, but we didn't have a good client, and it takes two parties to have a successful implementation. And we'll talk about some of those experiences, but change management, leadership, you guys have already talked about change management and maybe identified somebody to help with that. That's great. That really gives us confidence that we're engaging with a client that is ready.
So that makes us feel really good about that. Strong internal project management, you're going to need to have somebody dedicated to help because there will be tasks and to-dos and scheduling and things like that on your side. As I mentioned, those NetSuite champions are power users, people that are enthusiastic. I know you already have a couple of people that have used NetSuite in the past. That's going to be really helpful. But we're going to want to identify... Okay. that group, and we'll invest time and training into that group. User adoption focus. You guys.
are a pretty sophisticated company, so you've probably already gone through this before. You mentioned Salesforce, so you're probably already used to this, but there is a strategy for different personalities in your company of how you introduce change, when you introduce it. I know in my company, when there was going to be change, I would meet with my accounting team and I would say, hey, we're thinking about doing something long in the future. And I'd come back the next week and said, yeah, we're still thinking about that. And I would just slowly introduce the idea. Eventually, like, yeah, I think we're going to do that. That's coming. And then eventually, over time, they kind.
of, they get it, and then they're okay with it. My sales team, I'd be like, hey, guys, we're doing something totally different next week. And they're like, yeah, let's do it. They're all excited about it because they enjoy that kind of almost somewhat impulsive, even though all those changes were well thought out. Oh, but, Just how you engage with... Backwards here, I think sales will be our biggest pushback. Oh, really? Yeah. So understanding your team, those personalities, and the best way to introduce change and talk about it is going to be really important. And then stakeholder availability.
One thing that we have run into in the past is the time it takes to make decisions. And so during discovery here, you're going to make hundreds of decisions about what's going to be a phase one versus a future phase. And sometimes it, like, legitimately, it's like, okay, hey, I need to step away with my team. We need to talk about it. The quicker those decisions can be made, we don't want to rush you. We want you to make the best decision. But what we have struggled with in the past is people just, it kind of just hangs out there, and that decision doesn't get made and we have to kind of keep following up. So just kind of staying on top of those action items.
and making those decisions in a timely manner helps. And it's that partnership approach. And it's worth to say it again, it really does take two parties to make this successful. But as I mentioned, I already feel confidence that you guys are going to be really good partners and this is going to go really well. For those of you that have another job, which is all of you, I want to encourage you to speak up. If you have a project that has deadlines and you're not able to meet the deadlines for this project, just ask for help.
There's no penalty for that. There's no shaming of that. You know, shake the FOMO off. As we know, client needs to come first over everything. So if you get entangled and you're feeling the pressure of O'Brien deadlines, you just need to raise your hand and we will help you with that. So don't take on the way of the world just because you didn't ask for support. Yeah, that's good. And we always defer to your guys' schedule.
Like you guys need to generate revenue. Like we do not want to interfere with that. So if we need to take more time. We will take more time. more time. Let's just talk a little bit more about risks. And I know this is kind of like, I don't want this to be like a Debbie Downer or anything like that, but they're legit. Yeah, they're legit. These risks are legit. So inadequate discovery is a risk. And that's one of the reasons why we come to the table with a pretty structured approach to discovery. And we go pretty deep on this. Scope creep, pretty common. You've mentioned that you guys are.
familiar with that because you guys are doing projects all the time as well, but people want to slip things in. I'm not saying it's impossible, but we definitely will preach discipline when it comes to scope creep or just adding things to the scope. And then unclear requirements, or there's nothing worse to getting in the middle of an implementation. And then we hear the client go, oh, we totally forgot about this thing. It's like, oh no, that's scary. And so we do spend a lot of time in discovery because we really want to extract those things out and highlight those.
and make sure that you're requiring, requirements are mapped specifically to functionality inside of NetSuite and Orion. So you're going to hear me ask questions and sometimes I'm going to ask the same question more than once. Be patient with me. Sometimes I'm doing that on purpose to try and extract information hoping maybe that it triggers other thoughts with the team members. Organizational challenges like executive sponsorship, poor change management, insufficient internal.
resources and competing priorities. I think the realistic one here for you guys is going to be competing priorities. You seem already pretty prepared. But that's just reality of business and it's probably a good question to ask now but from a seasonality standpoint, when are you guys the busiest and the least busiest or are you just always busy? In this market it just depends. You ask me how they tell you always but often we see a slowdown in the first quarter of.
the year. If there's going to be one, that's what it's going to be. It's also led by teams, like, because this is one team, we're going to be busy for a period, they'll be busy for a time, and it's just a project like that. I would also say we have heavier meeting days. Like, I think Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, we have a lot more client meetings and things than on Mondays and Fridays.
Yep, very good. We're really granular. I don't see the finance team right at the beginning of the month. Yeah, closing accounting periods and things like that, yep. And then you're, we're going to ask this later, but your financial calendar is, it's calendar year, December 3rd scale. And then some other risks here, technical and process risks. So underestimated data migration, seems like that always tends to happen. So we want to talk. And that's why actually one of the deliverables from Discovery is a data migration strategy.
Integration failures, I'm not sure, I don't think we have any planned integrations, but so we're kind of talking more typical NetSuite implementations. Inadequate testing, definitely don't want to rush UAT or user acceptance testing. And then poor training, and one of the reasons why we come to the table with product guides, user guides for training the team. And every session gets recorded. And then we're also working on some other things because historically most people, and maybe you guys can give us some feedback for your team because every team is different,
but historically I've seen teams struggle with using documentation and videos. Most people don't want to watch videos because it's difficult to find like what point in an hour-long video are you talking about the topic that I actually need help with. Seems like user guides are a little bit better because you can scan them pretty quick and get right to the information that you need. But how have you guys handled it? training in the past with some of your other implementations what's worked really well for you you do okay and people do it okay oh you got me excited.
we have actual live trainings that get recorded and then they're available as a resource for people to go back into yeah but usually it is pretty compiled we have different ability different training so Ginny does all of our account management training like every department has some of this training we have pretty documented process of decks that show all those steps and then we have videos that go along with those okay so you have options you can watch, the video you can listen to the video or you can go dig through the deck yourself.
and be self-advocate yep. Gotcha. Okay, very good.
Yeah, that's good for now. We'll dig some more. We'll dig deeper a little bit later. But that's good feedback. Thank you. Can I clarify on your... Oh, yeah. Go back. On the technology integration failures, part of my goal is to be able to do this as an open system and be able to nuts and bolts a couple of our payroll system, our bank, that type of stuff. Yeah. Is that part of our scope? Yeah, bank for sure. Okay. Payroll is a different animal.
We'll talk some more about that. that. That's typically done with just a CSV import of the journal entry and I'll explain why. Will you say the regional bank one more time a little bit louder just for the transcript?
Okay, got it. Okay, so action item for us if we can look them up. Yeah, so we have a couple of sweet apps. So NetSuite has this concept of sweet app and it's kind of like an app for your iPhone in the app store. You can go to the sweet app store and buy the app or sometimes they're free because NetSuite creates sweet apps as well. So there's a free sweet app called bank feeds. And then also with your addition, and that's what you have, a suite app called Advanced Electronic Bill Payments.
So those are both suite apps that will be part of your implementation that will help automate all of that. We just have to make sure that your bank, the bank feed suite app is supported by your bank. Chris is looking that up now. All right, so discovery process overview. So we use a business process questionnaire, or BPQ, and we do it specifically for furniture. So when we're looking at our discovery sessions, and we do them by process area.
And let me just, I'll run through the process areas that we've kind of developed specifically for furniture. We start with marketing, then CRM, and then pre-quote. And everything in pre-quote is like requests, requirements, a couple other little things. But design requests, labor quote requests, things like that are in pre-quote. Order management. is everything from quote all the way through acknowledgement so order management's the bulk and then from there we go into operations and financial management but when we're in each one of those sessions we have kind of this two-part structure the very first thing we do is we do a.
quick overview of the Orion functionality that's available to you so we'll talk about some of the system capabilities we might show a screenshot if there's a particular area that you're challenged with we can even pull it up in that suite I just I don't do that too often because people who haven't gone through the demo process really want to see it and we can get stuck just doing demos and you don't want to pay for that so because this is all this is all time being built to you so I want to be sensitive to that well when it's appropriate will show process maps and workflows.
really kind of demonstrating the art of the possible before analyzing your needs so there's like this preview of NetSuite that we walk through in that, session and then we go into our analysis, framework and we have four steps there so basically current state now we kind of know this already but so we're we're trying to find something that we don't know it's a little bit investigative we want you to explain how you do how you're operating we know you're on core we're familiar with core but you might be doing something different inside of core that we haven't seen before and I.
have run into this surprisingly I had a dealer who doesn't even it doesn't import a CIF file to a quote you know they don't do that they don't do it until it's a sales order and I was like that same look Matt that you just had, that's the kind of look I have like huh I have my round around it but they had, their own reason internally why they did that but those are the types of things that we're looking for want to understand your objectives and strategy for that particular process area because I'm also thinking you probably want to upgrade during this implementation so you probably have pain points that.
you're dealing with right now that you want NetSuite to solve we want to make sure that we identify those. Your requirements, specifically, we'll be calling those out. You'll hear us during our talk, and we're doing it for the sake of the transcript. We'll say this is a requirement, and actually, the way our system works is when we say some of these key words, they get flagged in the transcript, and they get pulled out. So you'll hear us mention specifically this is a requirement, whether that's functional or technical.
And the difference there is functional means you need to be able to do something in the system. Technical means something needs to be built for you to do it in the system, whether that's an integration or a customization or things like that. We're trying to identify all this stuff during our analysis. And typically, this is one and a half to two hours, and you guys are going to determine the attendees for each session. We recommend SMEs. We recommend that you're careful about who you invite.
I have been in. sessions where it was just dominated by someone who just kept asking questions, and that gets tough just because, again, this is all on your dime, so we want to be as efficient as possible. So it might be, at times, appropriate for us to say, hey, let's take that offline, and we're more than happy to spend additional time with somebody if you deem it worth it. I did invite all of you based off of what was provided in the document to me. I think I got it right. I may have gotten it wrong.
And if I got it wrong, I might be panic-dialing you to join, and I apologize for that in advance. I think I got it right. But if I got it wrong, I'm sorry. I'll apologize now, and I will bring you into the meeting. And it also bears repeating that, like, these next three days, we're hitting, I think we're hitting all the process areas. That is, like, kind of the first round of us going through the process areas. We only go a certain level deep in this first.
round and part of it is we're identifying topics that we need to go deeper in in future sessions and so that's okay if there's somebody who might not be in the meeting we'll make sure that they're in the next meeting and we probably end up doing that two three maybe four rounds of sessions depending on which process area needs the most attention until we get through we feel like okay we've got all the requirements we've had our side conversations about different topics and then.
we're going to move on to the deliverables for this discovery process so our deliverables are number one a BRD or business requirements document for each process area so all those process areas I named they'll have a BRD for each one we'll give that document to you you'll sit down with your team we'll do a quick walkthrough with it but that is that document is meant to be a collaboration so we'll turn on review we're going to review mode we'll turn on track changes you guys will add comments we'll answer, We'll have a back and forth conversation until all your questions are answered.
We might add things into the BRD that you want to see there, and that's totally fine. Then eventually you'll sign each BRD, and that really becomes our blueprint for implementation. Any customizations that we identify, no matter how small or how large, even if that's just like, hey, you need a simple saved search or report inside NetSuite, it might only take us 15, 20 minutes to make. It still needs to be documented. So we'll have solution designs for each one of those as well, part of the BRDs.
And then as I mentioned, those next sessions will be scheduled for the deeper functional analysis. All right, before I go into this next slide, I've been doing a lot of talking. Any questions up to this point? West Coast Community Bank is covered in the Bank Feeds Act. Oh, good. How long did you envision the timeline for this discovery process? Was that the six to eight weeks you mentioned? Yeah, six to eight weeks. I kind of give a range because until we know you guys, how fast you move and how busy you are, it could go longer.
It is one of those things where, like, it's not one of the areas you ever want to take a shortcut in on the implementation, for sure. So it's important that we get it right. You mentioned a lot about it. I tried to write them down. I'm sorry. I hate when people do that. EMR or BRM. I might have screwed that up. I was like, that was the one I didn't hear about. BRD, Business Requirements Document. BPQ, Business Process Questionnaire. ESP, SME, Subject Matter Expert. Oh, Subject Matter Expert, yeah.
SOW, we know that one. Maybe I just wrote that. Thank you for asking for clarification. I actually get frustrated when people use acronyms. I try not to do that. So, yeah, if I do it. It took me a minute for COM. I'm like, COM? What is that? Every industry is. And actually, I'm glad Gary and Janet are here. So Gary and Janet, just so you know,
a typical NetSuite implementation is very difficult. As a consultant, you go into, you meet the client. It's usually a brand-new industry, brand-new client. You have no context at all. And so their job is to learn the whole industry, learn everything about the client, and then they move on and they do it all over again in a totally different industry. All those acronyms, all the lingo, everything. So the idea for a consultant that they get into and do a furniture implementation, and then do another furniture implementation.
and do another one, become a furniture expert and gain all that knowledge and expertise and then keep using it. It's pretty exciting. Yeah, it's pretty cool. Makes life a lot easier for a consultant.
Yeah, that's like in these sessions actually. We'll have specific questions that we ask to kind of pull that information from you. And you'll have, we want to hear from you. It's all about us asking those questions and learning from you, specifically how you're doing it now, what your pain points are, what you're hoping that you're going to be able to change in this implementation, and whether it's in phase one or in a future phase. Yeah, that's going to be all these discovery sessions. Yep. You mentioned that you've already started some implementations. Have you found thus far that those dealers operate and work more similarly or more.
differently than you'd expect it um my my expectation going into it was that you guys are all doing the same thing but doing it differently and that's pretty much the case and so when we built the software we built it so it was very configurable so it didn't force you to do things a certain way so um yeah and so we we built it so it can kind of be it's it's pretty flexible yeah now the good news is well gary let me ask you a question when you do a typical.
implementation how much um of the requirements are covered by nutsweet natively versus how much do you have to customize on a typical an average implementation yeah um i did some pretty pretty big implementations with manufacturing so that's where the customization typically come in on those could be 50 50 if you're doing mostly financials a little bit less because you've got core functions that you're just looking to streamline a little bit with some work.
Yeah, so customizations are typically a core part of a Netsuite implementation, like up to sometimes 50% of the implementation. What we've done is we've kind of done all that ahead of time, right? We understand the business requirements, we've built the software, and now as we're going through discovery with dealers, we're looking at maybe like 5% to 10% of customization. I mean, it's so minimal, and it's usually just small, like a particular report here, nothing structural to the software or anything like that. So, if you need stuff, we're used to doing a lot, so for us, this is, you know, for consultants.
and for software, this is easier for us than a typical... I think for me, that's what I think I want to see is that you guys are sharing with us best practices, and we can kind of evaluate our processes to what you're showing us, and in the middle, so... And a Netsuite is always evolving, I mean, they're always putting out releases and adding functionality, and that's... That's where we stay up-to-date on the leading practices that Nesquik recommends, and we, guide them that way. Yeah. It's just there's sometimes, specifically in manufacturing and some unique industries, where they're just tied to the way they've always done it.
So we try to steer away from that as much as we can. And I don't think we have a slide for this, but our Align, Adapt, Accommodate, I think we need to get a slide. And we'll talk more about it in the session, but I'll give you kind of a preview of it. But our approach to this when we're going through these sessions is the question that's going to be answered, and you'll see this all over the BRD, does your business process already align to what we have inside of Orion, or do you need to adapt to our business process.
in Orion, or do we need to accommodate something for your business process? And the reason why we want to be open to doing that accommodation is because you might be doing something that's unique, and that's causing you to win, and it's a strategic advantage. Well, we don't want to force you to do it a certain way and you lose that. We want to accommodate that. Even in those cases, and I can think of a handful of them with dealers, they're typically minor and we're more than happy to do it.
But those are the things we are on the lookout for. We don't want to force you into a box and you could potentially lose that advantage. Yeah, please. Speaker 4 Okay. So part of my role at QVM is to help our project teams really communicate out to the world why we're amazing and why we want, and then also adapting and tailoring that message to what the client needs. And so much of what Orion seems to be tells the story of operations.
So for me and our team, I'd really love to know what resources are available to us to be able to kind of tell that in our own sort of narrative. and package it up in a way that aligns with what we do with Thrillos, with brand direction, and the kingdom. So I don't know if that's something that will occur, or maybe that can be part of their session, but it's really important to us to have that source information. Yeah, yeah.
I'll let Chris probably have a session at some point. It would be helpful. Chris is kind of the marketing communication guru here. The other thing, you mentioned operational excellence, and I totally agree with you. The other big win, I think, for any client of your clients is the data security and privacy, especially in light of everything that's been happening. My kids are out of school this week because their school was hacked, ransomware. And they only had two days of school last week.
Or no, they had a week. Sorry, they had a week of school. But yeah, so it just keeps happening, these hacks that keep happening. And Oracle... You know, there's probably, it's probably one of the most secure platforms on the planet. Is anybody impenetrable? No. But you want to reduce your risk as much as possible, and having Oracle data centers does that. So that's, I think, a good part of the story for your clients. The other thing I think will come out of it, Julian, that we'll be able to see back to from these sessions,
is when we go through those pain points, I believe that many of them will be linked to pain points that we've had with clients. So, like, I'm already thinking about the type of invoicing that we have to do for some specific SOWs or MSAs, and, you know, right now it's a manual process. How do we make it a non-manual process? So then we can tell the story about how easy and efficient we already do business with because of. And so we'll be able to outline specific wins for whoever the stakeholder is in that position on the client side.
Yeah, cool. That's my goal in all of this. Great. Very good. And I'll just share. Before going into the NetSuite consulting full-time, my industry experience is, operations and supply chain excellence, and that's what I've done in a number of different industries. So I look at things from a lean operational excellence standpoint. That's just the way my brain works, and so I try to steer those conversations around what are you trying to accomplish here, especially on smaller companies growing into a NetSuite platform or.
recently purchased by a new investor in private equity. Those are a lot of what I've done, and it's a change. So yeah, I will challenge the why. Very good. All right, let's talk about the overall, implementation methodology. As I mentioned, we call it DREAM just because it's easier to remember. And as soon as I get this to work. I do. I do. So discovery, comprehensive business process.
analysis and requirements gathering. So that's what we're doing. You know, and, And just one more statement about discovery, really, it's almost like a validation process now. Just a typical discovery process is from scratch, like, I don't know anything about you, and I need to ask every single question about you. And that's not what we're doing, really. We know you, we know what software you're on, we know your requirements. It's more about validating those requirements and identifying potential gaps. Then we go into the realize phase, and this is where we start doing the system configuration.
As I mentioned, or actually, as Matt mentioned, it's a pre-configured system. So we have a suite of suite apps, I think there's five of them, that we install into your account. And we begin the configuration process of that, because there is some configuration that needs to be done. One of the very first things I'll mention early is chart of accounts, we've got to get that in right away, and we'll talk about chart of accounts today. And then any of the solution designs that need to be worked on, that we identified during discovery, we'll start working on in that phase. The realize phase is probably the lightest phase.
for you guys. We're happy. We're doing the majority of the work. So we're gonna spend a lot of intensive time with you during discovery. We're gonna kind of step away, do a lot of work during realize. We will do a couple walkthroughs of the system with you, just so you can get familiar with it. So with that, something to start thinking about now is from a system administration standpoint. Start thinking about who that system administrator is going to be. There's a couple of things, I think we got them. Kip?
And maybe if you have one or two, but start, you can start thinking about like understanding the platform, user roles and permissions. Those are just some of the things we'll start talking about and walking through during realize. And then we move on to educate. And that's the real heavy phase for you guys. That's where we're doing process walkthroughs and user training, UAT, change management preparation. That's a really heavy phase. that's the bulk of the implementation for you guys and then actualize is when.
we go live that's when we actually are live on the platform and we will have a go live strategy but our best practice and our recommendation is not a hard cut over but a date where you start doing new business in the system and whatever projects you have in flight in core you run out and usually at this point I hear well we have projects to go on for a year and that is a problem so we start to strategize about well are those phased is there a point where you.
can stop it at a certain phase pick up the phase inside of NetSuite so, hopefully there's just some I'm just planting some seeds here some things to think about but yeah I'm sure you probably want to minimize how long you're paying for two licenses so some things to think about there but I will just say we really don't recommend a hard, cutover where you try and recreate all your projects in flight inside NetSuite. It is extremely difficult and time-consuming to rebuild all that.
Can I break bad news right now too for everybody? Sure. So when we do cut over, we are going to bring data from core, but it is not going to be as easy to go through as what you're used to finding in core. So there's going to be an archive, you're going to have to go to that archive and pull up archival information. So I just want to put that out there now, go through the morning process, go through the panic process. Everything will be there, you will have it, but it will not be just like boop, typing in a number in one window and it will pop up the way you're used to seeing it.
Yep, that's the reality of reimplementing. Are we maintaining two systems for a move? Is there a sweet spot of that? Like what? it out? Yeah. Yeah, like six months. It's pretty typical. Yeah, and if you have projects that go longer at that point, I would say like, yeah, if you could figure out a good place to cut that off and recreate a part of that project. The other challenge here is the financial consolidation.
So that's a real challenge. So re-implementation is messy for like a year because of that financial consolidation. So Lorraine, it looks like you've already thought about that and you've already accepted that. Yeah, okay, so good. So you know. We will have a go live checklist. It'll be up to you if you want to have us on site for go live. That's an option. Otherwise, typically what we do is we have our team open up a Microsoft Teams channel and just leave it open all day long. So.
we're available to you to help with that if anything comes up during go live. And then maintain or maximize, I can't remember which one, I guess we're using maintain, but kind of that ongoing support and the growing of your evolution on the platform. So we do have a suite care program and that gives you, well, first, let me say you have 30 days of post go-live support, part of the implementation. After that 30 days, then you'll have to get some type of suite care, managed services.
or ongoing support, whether that's a bank of hours or managed services. We could talk some more about that. But I can also tell you this, our philosophy is we want you to be self-sufficient on the platform. So we're not going to do things in such a way that just to try and get billable hours out of you going forward. We really want you to own the platform and understand it and be able to operate in it. I don't have to pay you $250 to change my address? No, you do not. No. I know sometimes I've heard in court it's hard to make changes to report.
and stuff like that it's very easy and that's it we're gonna show you how to do all that as well we're currently in discovery all right so discovery phase I think I opened this up to six to twelve weeks but I think we originally talked six to eight weeks but we're gonna target somewhere in there and then those other phases everything else is TBD and the reason why it's TBD is because, really at the end of discovery we kind of reset expectations for the rest of.
the project once we kind of really finalize what's going to be in the project so you'll have a project scope document you'll have the BRDs you'll have the data migration strategy and then we'll have a really clear idea of when the go live is going to be and all these phases in the timeline then some other information that we've kind of already touched on I go into detail here, You don't have to go into any more detail. I've talked about this a couple of times, but you'll have access to this in PDF.
So you'll have all this as well. Project plan, statement of work, business requirements, document, data migration strategy. So that is kind of the project kickoff and we can move in at some point. I know, what time did we have this till? Next session is 10.30. 10.30, so we're a little bit early, but let's open it up for some questions. Great. Other than core, what other things are we looking at?
So other than core, it would also replace Zendesk. It would also replace, hopefully any of the outsourced reports that we're doing manually. Excel. The Excel reports. Workload. What's that? Workload documents. Workload documents would go away. Project tracking sheets would go away. Time entry would be incorporated. If you're still running Asana, it would run project timelines through NetSuite.
What if we don't use Asana? We would move all the task tracking into NetSuite. What about RFP? RFP data we would still house outside of NetSuite. Things that we're creating ourselves, like marketing materials or visuals or anything like that, we're gonna have that outside of it. The hope is, okay, Shana, I need a new project started, for Intuit San Diego.
Shana creates a new project for me, and then because that's a set account, we already know who the team is, the whole team is uploaded into that. We could also have a set project list of tasks that need to happen, and those could be auto-assigned based off our role. like it just goes on and on and on if i'm rafina i can log into the my dashboard and i can see oh i have these new projects that need to be assigned based off of what was started like it just all the crap sorry it's not crap all the minutia that is in a some are in a excel spreadsheet some are.
in a google sheet somewhere in a word doc somewhere in a google doc somewhere in on your desktop some are i don't know where the hell they are like in a zoom chat like all of that gets moved into a central location and we assign work and evaluate work based off of what's in that suite versus what's in an outside report because the outside report is only good as what somebody manually made it to be all that data is in the outside reports are not they're outdated as soon.
as you create them right now real time so if i wanted to look at hours i don't know what the, But we could have it set up where I go to that project number and on the top dashboard It would tell me how many hours were sold how many hours have been used and what the amount of hours are left on You can do whatever we want with it Yeah, but the goal is is to you're gonna present it to someone outside the system Sure, pull it make it pretty show it but for us to like make decisions We're going to stay in that suite. It's also going to attach the things so right now we use expensive fire.
We might be looking at a different platform for expenses, but those connect to one another So it reduces the workload because right now when you submit an expense report KIPP approves it He downloads an Excel spreadsheet Kevin uploads the Excel spreadsheet and then manually matches everything so that it can be reconciled like all the little things that we can't do with Core because core says they're an open system, but they're really not an open system, Next we will attach to whatever we want to attach to the only copy that is is everything we attach, to comes with the cost so it will do whatever we want it's just like what we.
tell our clients you can have whatever you want you're willing to spend the money to have it. Paylocity? Paylocity does not go away. Yeah we will keep HR separate. I mean paylocity might go away because we're evaluating different HR platforms but if there will be a paylocity like system separate than NetSuite. So will our documents still live in Drive? Our documents will still live in Drive but you'll have the opportunity to link the Drive link directly into the project folder so when you're in NetSuite you can just click on the link and it will take you to the project folder right? Did I remember seeing that? I think it's actually a little bit better than that.
because yeah you talk about Google Drive? Yeah. Okay so you guys aren't on SharePoint? No. Have you found out that we're anti-Microsoft? I'm getting it. There must be a story behind that too I'm kind of curious but do you remember does it link to Google Drive as well? Yeah the English is not as tight with Google as it is with Microsoft but there are, When we're standing at folders, we could copy and paste the link directly in and have a spot where the link lives and you could clip the link out. Easily, easily.
But we have an even tighter integration where like the folder structure is visible inside NetSuite and you can, bi-directional links, you can like. As we go through discovery, maybe people will be more on board with SharePoint. I don't know, I doubt it. We just couldn't actually have them to double check with them about the Google Drive. All of our client-facing decks and all that we do in Google Slides and Google Suites. So we actually moved off of Box into Google Drive so that we're not paying for something twice, basically. Yeah, well Box is really expensive too, my gosh. Yeah, and they're not, I don't know.
Yeah, yeah. For financial data, how far are we going back? You know, we have a lot of local records. Yep. Well, in this current instance, it goes back to 2017. 2017. So the typical, and we'll have a whole session on data migration, but the typical process is end-of-the-month trial balances imported into the system for the past two to five years, but they're just CSV imports.
You can do 10 years if you wanted to, so it's totally up to you. I mean, if you go back to 2017, I would do all of it back to 2017, so you have the period-over-period reporting. So we technically can go back to 2005? When did we switch to 4.1? No, no. It was, I don't know how far. We still have two. We have the KB workspace and the Hogan. Okay. The Hogan doesn't go as far back as ours did.
Ours went back to five, I believe. Three or five. I mean, at that point, that information is just alive. It'll be. Right. I was going to say, are we going to keep access to that? You're going to export that information, and it's going to go into an archive, but it's not going to be recorded. Okay, that's fine. I just wanted to know if you would be able to cut it off. That's a decision that Lorraine needs to make as the finance leader of how much information she wants to hold onto.
As someone who threw away a warehouse of paper two years ago, I'm fine getting rid of everything we possibly can. We actually use that data a lot on our fee side and on our view side. Yeah, that's all going to still be there. That kind of leads into a question I had. It's not going to be in the same lookout, but it's going to be separate. If it's something you want to divulge, you don't have to, obviously.
How many of the implementations that you've done are core users, and I'm assuming that in that process, that core themselves will have to place... some minor part in it, as much as we don't want them to. We do have access to the back end, so we can avoid them as much as possible, but likely they're gonna, obviously, they're gonna know that this is happening, and they probably will have to be involved in some capacity. How many implementations have you done that are core people, and how willing to play ball were the core people.
when they found out that this was happening? Yeah, so probably about 80% are core, and we have a strategy for how to ask for information, from core without tipping them off. And so, and then we also have a tool to extract some of the data from the core database and prep it for data migration. So Joe Keller, who's on our team, has the tool, and he has a very specific way of wording the email to get access to the data. Are you guys on Core Web? Yes. Core Web. Yeah. Yeah, and we also have SQL.
Oh. Yeah, we have access. We have backdoor access. Oh, so you might already be all set then. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's basically what you end up asking for. We asked for that when we were looking at integrating, what was the report shopper? Power BI or something like that. Power BI. Power BI, yeah. Yeah, we had to ask for it because, which is one of the reasons we're making this change, we needed access to the database because it happens so frequently that we would need the most basic information from core,
and you could not get it. Yeah. So we had to go in the back door, pull it out, and then manipulate it. Yeah. So I think you guys are already set then as far as... Good. I don't think you'll need any involvement with them. I'll double check with Joe, but... I have to go spend time with them in a few weeks, and we have to keep my mouth shut. It's going to be really interesting. Okay. I would like to wrap up just so we have a little break between sessions, but if anybody has any other questions,
please send them our way. We'll add them to the parking lot, and we'll get a response back. to you either in your session that you're part of or separately thank you everybody for the time thank you everybody all right i'm gonna go use the restroom fill up the coffee do my thing.
oh see that's what that's what my office needs that material does that look better. huh oh you don't like it oh i need some help because i really do need my, i need my office to look really good yeah oh a very tall door.
Jerry, I saw you were trying to get a word in there at the end, it's just... I wanted to share some math with Matt, things that have covered it, that it's trial balance information, not transactional, you don't have to go somewhere, but he kept saying that as well. Not everything is true, I want to be sure he knew that. Yeah, we do have a process. Yeah, we can do it.
It's like, that's all. Yeah. I didn't want to ask, but I was thinking like... Yeah, wait. the data migration discussion because because we're using that json file we could take their line information convert it to json and then display it but it's not it's not the actual transaction lines and that's what you thought yeah that was the main that was what i was trying oh yeah i'm gonna go get my coffee cup now five years and they go wow that's a really cool idea.
i've never had and that was a dos based program how come a dos based program could do it and you can't look it up oh okay perfect perfect sold i'm on board okay so, I notice like the style here is a bit different. Is it because you guys are more Knoll furniture? I don't know where else you've been.
I think part of it is, is we have a Miller Knoll showroom in town. Yeah. So we let them show their Miller Knoll-esque. Okay. And then our offices are kind of, our showrooms are kind of done by segment. So like this office has a lot of professional services, law firms, financial. Okay. And so our focus is more the aesthetic of the area. Okay. And then like the South Bay, there's no showroom down there. So it's a bigger space. They have more furniture on display. It's more Miller Knoll centric. But for like here,
like what do you think the percentage of, that you guys are showing here is Knoll versus Herman Miller? It's about 50-50. 50-50, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Gotcha. Of actual their product. Really the only product we're showing up there is, mostly works. Okay, yeah, gotcha.
He did yeah, you are I feel like we're in good hands you just exude calm confidence knowledge, Like it's everything that you want. Thanks No, thank you. Yeah, I've been doing it for a bit. It's very nerve-racking it's a tire on a car where you're going down the highway. Open heart surgery for a company, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, well, I appreciate the the voter confidence you guys thank you. Oh, did you have, what did you have, three ounces on there? Oh! Beers? I saw there was, oh, yeah.
There's Coke in there. That's a good question. He did say something about snacks. Was it? I'm really hoping that you're able to do that white paper. Because I want to give it to him today. Because that is, that's a major, that's going to, oh, oh my goodness.
That's going to be a major point of concern for everybody. The paper? The paper. revenue cost recognition and i gave you the template for the white paper yeah i can't i can't fail i'm looking for something else from in there i totally expect and demand success.
what do you guys think so far great yeah they're extremely impressive thank you they're very receptive too yeah they're similar whoa what time are you gonna probably have your first pacific, Where did those come from?
Five o'clock somewhere. Did it work? I think so. It was pretty close to working.
Okay, thank you. Hey Chris, the other thing I need you to work on today is the color scheme for Operation Suite. Getting that information to Carol. What stuff? what's the best way to get like view so i can document it's in lux one and two probably now.
but lux one for sure are they good i don't know oh yeah chocolate something oh i think we're a little bit late i'll come back i think we're a little late i'm just gonna grab a coke.
as long as i have caffeine flowing i'm good oh that's coffee or coke, for you all to find a room to and there's like a big AI conference. We're in Berkeley. Up far. I go through the demo videos and take a look at it. Yeah, it's going out.
Yeah, it's just still sky-high. It was like Berkeley or Oakland. Yeah, we're like our only options and even that thing. It's like a holiday. Yeah, yeah, I'm in some like just dumpy. Oh, no, I'm just sleeping here. It's kind of like you like don't want to take off your shoes. Yeah, where are you coming in from? I live in St. Louis, Missouri. Oh, when usually when I come, I just say you see it from here.
is it the garden something now it's the hill i think it's china okay there's one in union square and then there's one where you guys stay you drove in today uh we took an uber oh but we're quickly finding that the difference between their estimated time before they look for a driver and when they actually connect to a driver that that number changes considerably yeah it was like.
yeah someone's three minutes away and then it was like 18 minutes for about 20 minutes you know it's that conference i think somebody says like 20 000 people there's something right let's go san francisco is the tagline our mayor is just looking anything he can nice working. where are you staying kip you said i'm in the tenderloin, Is it safe? I mean it was pitch black when I got there last night.
I woke up at like 3 in the morning to the sound of what I thought it was a machine gun but then I was like, I think it was fireworks. So it was just like, I'm just waiting for a stray bullet to come through. I think you guys should all stay by the airport and take part in it. I thought about that too, but it's just, I got so frustrated with what I had thought about down there. And you're all staying in Berkeley? Yeah. It wasn't too bad. No. Berkeley's cute. We walked to the restaurant. It was about a 10 minute walk. It was a good restaurant.
There's no walking where I am. Although actually there's some good stuff popping up in the Tenderloin. It's been probably 5 or 6 years since I've been out here. Before the pandemic I used to work in the wine industry. I kept hearing the stories with the Tenderloin and how it had changed. I didn't really expect last night riding through. you still tend to mind it, you know, obviously so, you know, it's the less savory part, but yet there's million dollar flats there, you know, and stuff, and people live there, you know, like that, you know, kind of just step over stuff.
Well, that's kind of what I was explaining, because, like, in Detroit, like, you know, the movie 8 Mile, and 8 Mile is literally the dividing line between Grosse Pointe and Detroit, and it is, like, it's, you know, million dollar house, $10,000 house, like, right next to it. Well, but that's the funny thing here, a million dollar house here, everybody thinks it's, like, obviously next to it, but here it's a mountain shack. I live off 8 Mile.
Yeah, it's just 8 Mile goes forever, so I don't even know how many miles it goes, but, so I'm, like, almost out in the country, so it's not a, it's not Eminem version of 8 Mile. And so she's telling me that they were approving a housing allowance for me of $100.
I'm like, I'm like, I can't even buy parking for that. I'm like, I'm in San Francisco, California, you know. And so then she's like, well, if you can send me like some documentation. So I go online and I'm like, I cut and paste and I said, here's some examples of what I need. And all of a sudden you're like, oh, my word. I've heard of that, but I've never seen it. I live in the Raleigh area.
And where we're at, it is really growing. How many projects have jumped in the last two years? Oh, I've heard about that in Raleigh. At least some more than that. That's a nice area. where all those people are coming from? Here. They come from here, New Jersey, New York. I've seen California plates where I am, like more and more. Yeah, and it is nice. I mean, we still got the room to build, but man, you just have to adjust your... Expectations. Yeah, because the cost of living has gone up, specifically on housing. Yeah, yeah. Rentals, my goodness, if you're trying to rent,
you're gonna... It's everywhere. Same thing in Michigan. That's just it, and there's no controls on it. Yeah, I remember years ago, my wife, for one of our anniversaries, this is when we were living here, one of our anniversaries, we went up to Portland, because we'd never been. This is really cute, and we loved it. I've been there recently, and it's not cute anymore. But anyway, when we were talking to one of the locals, and they were like, just do not tell anyone here you're from California. What I said, because they highly resent California, is because Californians are cashing out with taking their equity here, going up there and paying cash for houses,
and just destroying the housing market. So they were very resentful. So that kind of kept it on the down low, and that's... It's happening there. I mean, California, like, people are benefiting from it here, and then they spread out and just wreck the markets in other places. Yeah, but to Gary's thing, though, it's not that disparaging difference anymore like it used to be. It's getting more difficult, and there's still, there's three key developers where I am. So if you can build with them and get in and design, you have a little bit more control.
But if you're going in to buy with a really high-spec outfit, if you're going in to buy from someone selling, you better be ready. They're building in all of you. It will be. I can have Sunday and serious artists.
Yeah, I don't know, so I'm not, I'm not the Zoom guy, well, and I don't, yeah, I'm not on the invite, I think I just have to have the meeting ID.
See where I'm at, you can still get land or you don't land, especially if you grew up in North Carolina, in that area, and it's getting, I go and develop, and it's a really nice house. Lots of square feet. Where's the three-quarters to the one acre? Yeah. But it's just, it just happens. That's why everyone around us is like, hey, I just want a little bit more. I want a couple acres or whatever. And even that's like disappearing by me.
But they're personally not on the farmland. Where I'm at is the next generation has taken over the land. He must have got caught in a meeting or something. I got it. I think we're just waiting for Matt because I think he's, he must have got tied up. Do you know how to start it? The meeting? Because he owns it.
The Zoom meeting? Okay. They remediated it. They called us back specifically and they're like, hey, we'd really like you guys to have this house. You know, if you can do it, well, you know, it's yours. If you can do that, that's great. If somebody's just not truly looking at it as a business transaction, they want to try to protect their neighbors, that helps.
If you start getting into the real estate business, you never can close it fast enough. She still comes over eight years later and my wife splits hostas and she gives her her hostas. He gave me a four-hour orientation on the property. That's good that it's coming less and less. You've got to build those relationships. They had their daughter's wedding on our property. 350 people.
So when he did that, he built, like, a full barn, he changed the pool, they added a sunroom, they did all this stuff for their daughter's wedding, instead of, like, paying for a wedding venue, you know? And they can probably rent it out and use it, I mean, really, because they don't have any ideas. Anyway, just let me know what you think. I'm curious to see how good it is. I've had a pretty good look.
This is fine. Because nobody's on Zoom for the next few months. Oh, is it just, oh, it's just in here? To share? Maybe that's what he said to do. They're all better at serving pork to the process.
Mm-hmm. Sharing key. Go to that instead of this shop. Yeah. Oh, go to share. Okay. Yeah, she is. She's right there. She's right here. Her stuff's right here. So she knows. So I'm playing with all this stuff to see if it makes any sense. Well, I only got halfway through it because I kept backing it up and re-listening. And I didn't get a chance to go back in there.
Oh, we can move? Yeah. Come on over. Where are you going? What are you saying? Open fathom. I just have the thing that said open fathom. I don't want to open fathom. No. That's all. I'm sure you could. Maybe it's a... Oh, yeah, I can move a little bit. I've ordered a fan for the room that's arriving in five minutes.
From Instagram? Yeah, from Instagram. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's try this. Have you met that person? Come on. I have a friend who lives in China right now. She allows it. She said it's like that there. Like, anything you want, you can inside your doorstep in minutes. Yes, I experienced that a couple months ago. As she said, it's incredible.
You order something online, it arrives in five minutes. We're not quite there yet. We've got several Amazon centers, I mean, billions of square feet. And what I can get same day within, like, two or three hours is pretty much everything I ordered. Literally, I could not go to Target. Right. Okay, just housekeeping. So in the middle of the table, if you all, those of you that are doing lunch, which is not Kevin, Kip, or Kimmy, sorry.
If you'll just write down your name and your lunch order, we'll get lunch ordered so that it's here. Very good. The breakfast menu is probably down at this point, so flip to the second page. Do you want to do that before it gets rolling? No, you can just order it for me. You know what I like, right? Yeah. An old married couple. Basically. Work wife. That's a nice one. Thank you. I took all the cups. Here you go.
You guys have known each other for how many years? Almost 18 years. 18, yeah, 18 years. Been working together for like that, 18 years, yeah. This is the third company. I'm going to go sign for my package on the way. Don't wait for me. Okay. So this section, we're still kind of easing into this, so this is all kind of easy stuff. What we're going to be covering today is just kind of set up, company set up, system information.
You probably have already given this to us in some of our sales calls, but we kind of want to, things can change. We want to just kind of officially document it on the record. So current ERP system is, we're kind of going through an inventory here. Primary system is core, and modules in use. Are you guys currently using core's operations module? I think it's called MOS. We have it, but it's not been fully embraced. So MOS, we use it, we do not use inventory management because we don't have inventory, nor do we use our CRM, but we do use MOS.
Okay. You use a very interesting word. You said it has not been embraced. So that tells me. me that they don't like it for some reason in my experience that particular group the project managers tend to be the last the least technologically savvy they're very much hands physical tactile people so that's part of it I don't know that it's that they don't that it doesn't work necessarily as much as this they don't see okay I mean it's hard to get them to keep track of their time so.
that it's just this is not their nature that's why they're project managers they want to be out working so what you're telling me is change management it's, gonna be quite yeah we're gonna it's gonna require some attention. to document any punch thing but I think in actuality and it still requires a duplicate to that yeah send an email with more information to support what was put into court yeah okay so this presents a good opportunity.
force their hand harshly. Yeah, yep. As far as, so let's just stick on this just for a moment. As far as inspiring compliance. Is that a good way to put it? Yeah, I like that. Will there be a strategy to inspire compliance with this group? I would love to have a strategy. We've yet to find one that's been very successful.
I mean, would you agree that change management has not been our strong suit? Definitely. We just, we trip over ourselves implementing change. And it's never easy. Our boss to Google change was hard. Yeah, no one likes change. People generally tend to be afraid of it. It's just human nature. Yep. Yeah, we would love to have a strategy. I mean, everyone's going to be forced to change in this. Yeah. So they have a choice, but we'd like to make it a... I think your mention of champions, but I think multiple champions within each department,
not just the leads, will be important because people only do it if they are forced. And I think in the last rollout that I've seen, I think that we failed on the testing side as well. And we just rolled it out, and the people who were good with change adopted it and then poked a lot of holes in it, and then we jumped. So this will definitely be one of the areas we want to support you in with change management. And typically what we do is kind of come to the table with, okay,
well, let's identify some carrots and some sticks. Not sticks in the sense of how we punish people, but like sticks in the sense of, okay, there has to be some accountability, but there also can be some incentive there. And if we can get some people to see, hey, we can trade some things. Like you have a particular pain point or something that's causing you a lot of time. Hey, we can pretend. invest some time in automating something for you as long as you're willing to give us you know do your time tracking or you know do the reporting that's necessary and helping you negotiate that we can do that and so.
that would be one of the areas to like especially if you have a team that you've historically have a problem with change management put in some thought into how do we approach that and we want to just be able to support you guys with that. see what the best practices as each of the area experts are here they know how they're doing their job yep and so we'll identify them and that fork in the road.
yeah. And I know that's not exactly what we're talking about, but I never asked the question or thought to ask the question about accessibility on iPads, because that's where they're predominantly going to be entering their data. Yeah, we have a field service app. It runs as a web app, online and offline.
Yep, it has offline. There is a NetSuite mobile app, but it's only good for the specific. You don't want to run your NetSuite on a mobile app, but if you were like, things for sales entering leads, we create a quick lead form where you can really quickly enter it. But it has its strengths. It's very limited. Field service app, yep, it's legit. And it's actually the first app that we built that was probably 95% AI built.
So it's a standalone app, it's not browser-based? No, it is browser-based. Oh, okay. Yep, it is. We purposely did it so it would be browser-based, but it does support offline. So, like, you know, you download all your work order events for the day, and you go into a building, you lose internet connectivity, you can still work. It's very common. Yeah. Because they're in shells that, you know, quite frequently. Yeah. Any other modules with core that you're using or not using specifically? I just want to make sure we have the kind of complete catalog. IMS, we don't because we don't keep inventory.
CRM, we don't. We use Zendesk. This will replace Zendesk. Yeah. Moss, we're supposed to use, but don't. Okay. Are there any others that I'm missing? I think those are . . . I think that's it. And you guys are core web. Yes. And then key integrations, Lorraine, you mentioned potentially a couple there. The bank, we've already identified. The key for me. Yeah. It's the bank. Any other systems? Maybe we'll get an inventory of all the different pieces of software you're using, but . . .
Obviously, we have the bank right now. We've mentioned expensive funds. Yeah. We've talked about pay velocity, and again, there's whatever you guys work. I think we use Navani for travel. Navan. It used to be called TripActions to travel. Again, I don't know how that works. We've explored a system called RAMP, which I know holds on to that suite. It does. That was one of the things we had my finance do.
What about... RAMP does some really good things over the last six to nine months with their next-week integration. Yeah. Not just credit card processing, but true bill pay. Everything was manual to give it a decor. I know a big one for our design, and somewhat your team, too, the AMs, is CET and Project Spectrum. Yeah. If those could integrate in any capacity whatsoever, dreamy. That would be a dream.
They allegedly... It does, it works, it works for like, and we kind of want to get there too, we've met with Configura, and basically it works for like if you're in core and you need to do some changes, and it'll, yep, yep, and it'll do the validation as well, so they have access to that. I don't know if that's actually through Configura though, I'm not sure if it's, or if they have.
access to the catalogs themselves, I'm not sure, but. Is there any other, is Expenseify, does NetSuite do, does Orion do any expense reporting, like can our people, this could be a base too. Yeah, it does expense reporting. It's not, it's not. Depends on, when it comes to expense reporting, and we'll go deeper on this, but when it comes to expense reporting, if you're doing basic expense reporting, and you're not doing a lot of it, NetSuite's fine. If you're doing a lot of it, and you need some of the more advanced features. the features of Expensify, then use the Suite app.
Expensify has a Suite app. We'll do a fair amount. I think we'll assess that. I've been exploring transitioning the company to RIM anyway. Yeah. Which will eliminate Expensify. Yeah. We're on the cusp of that decision. Are you doing any AP automation at this point? No, we tried it. Core had a, it wasn't them, it was a third party, I forgot the name of the group, but they did kind of OCR stuff.
They said OCR. Was it Avanto? Avanto. And we tried it. Sounds like it. And it just, it was horrible. It just blew up in our face. Basically what they were saying is they would do is we would funnel all of our, all emails, all invoices, AP, for the most part it comes in email now, it's a PDF. We just reroute that to them and they were supposed to, they said it was OCR, I don't think it was. I think they were just key stuff in, and they were doing it wrong, and they weren't, it.
was awful. So the short answer is no, we have no API mentioned. Okay. Data sources. You mentioned that you have the access to the backend SQL for a core. Is there any other data sources that you're tracking that may be stitching together reports from? No, everything lives in core. Okay. I mean, we do have three separate core databases right now, and the primary working one that's live, and then we have the two archival databases that we access.
Yeah. The client needs to know about this, and all of this. No, the two older ones are in Parallels, they're new core five. What about taxes? Are you using Avalara? No, we have... Okay.
Is that for the filing or is that for the calculation? Oh, okay. So did she like turn around the calculations to you like right away so you can get the information to your customer? I mean, she files, pays, does everything, and then she sends it to me. You owe me $500,000. Okay. So NetSuite has built into the application something called SweetTax. SweetTax.
And that will do tax calculation on the fly. It has automatic tax tables being updated on a monthly basis. And also, we'll keep track of your customer exemptions as well. So you can keep track of your certificates, tax holidays, and things like that. There's no additional cost for that. So we have a lot of dealers who do use Avalara, and we've moved some from Avalara to SweetTax. I can tell you that Avalara is just a bit more, well, they'll do the automatic tax registration for you.
They'll keep track of the economic nexus for you, and they'll do the filings for you. So they're more of a service, just so beyond the tax calculation. But if you really just need tax calculation, then using NetSuite is totally, SweetTax is totally fine. I've used NetSuite with Avalara, but, I mean, again, it's seamless and stuff, but I still need a body to manage, import, validate, you know what I mean? So that's right now what we're paying this other person to do. I have the expertise that she's bringing to the table.
And we have, we get these weird, you know, because we do business all over the country, and California alone has hundreds of different tax zip codes and tax rates. It's overwhelming in city, county, and state. I mean, multi-layered, it's brutal. And we get just random questions. Is this taxable here? And she responds immediately. She's just, this is just that, the wisdom that she brings to the table is invaluable. So this is something new that I haven't run into with a dealer before that you guys have this service.
So you don't have to use SweetTax or NetSuite or Avalaria inside NetSuite. If you want to continue doing this, you certainly can. I just want to make sure that you're aware that SweetTax is available to you. I wrote it down. Okay. When you say SweetTax, are we talking about, I'm assuming that NetSuite is calculating, is querying something and calculating the line or order level. Yep. But then you're saying it can also take it a step further and then do the monthly file. It doesn't do the monthly.
Yeah, you have a report for the filings, but it does the tax calculation on the fly and it's using, it does tax groups, so it gets all the way down to the municipality. So you'll probably have four or five different tax calculations being added for every single address. Does it update the sales tax automatically? Can we confirm what we're saying when we say does it? What is it? Is it NetSuite or is it the service? Suite tax, which is NetSuite. Suite tax. Yeah, but it's part of the platform. Okay. Yeah, there's no additional cost. What I will say, though, is when the initial configuration for NetSuite, if you're not.
going to use Suite tax, don't turn it on because if you decide later to go to Avalara, it's a different connector and it's just to get to the right people in Avalara and say, oh, yeah, you need the connector for Suite tax because once you turn it on, you can't turn it off with NetSuite. So just, it's just a... But could we turn it on at a later date? Absolutely. Oh, okay. Absolutely. You own it. I'm just saying. If we don't turn suite tax on, how do we get the current tax rate built into NetSuite?
From your person. That means we're manually entering it. Is that how you're doing it now? No. So that's why I'm asking the question, because we're talking about two separate processes. We have an add-in that we pay extra for core that automatically calculates tax rate based off of zip code for shift to address. And then we have a secondary service that goes to all those states and pays those taxes for us. So the filings? Yes. Ah, okay. So my question is, when we enter the zip code into core for the shift to address, how is it calculating the tax rate? Yeah, that's suite tax.
So we need to turn that on, or we need to go to Avalere now. Those are basically the two decisions we need to make. Yep. And suite tax is free, and Avalere is expensive. Okay. And we can never turn suite tax off again? No. Yeah, once you turn it on, it builds out all the GL accounts and everything. You can turn that on and just not use that to compile the reports for filing. What I'm saying is that if you want to move to Avalere and the shift to address, that's in the future. You're not going to be able to. It can be done. Just be aware of it when you engage with Avalara that you have SweetTax turned on.
So SweetTax needs to be on day one. Okay, so your company does the filing. You still need the tax calculation engine. That would be your tax engine. That would be SweetTax. So either we'll have custom report that's similar to what we're sending her now from Core, created in NetSuite, or we're sending her what SweetTax prepares, and she works with that. Yeah, there's a native report, and if she needs it adjusted, it's very easy to adjust it. Either we can do it, or we can show you guys how to do it. Every report in NetSuite, there's 400-plus native reports.
Every single one of them has a customize button that you can click on, and you can customize those reports. Just like Core. All right, so we found our first issue, or our first step. We need NetTax turned on, or whatever. SweetTax turned on. That's our first decision, SweetTax, not Avalara. I like it, because like I said, Avalara. And then, so, one of the action items to you guys, and we will have follow-up notes from this session, so you don't have to take this action item, we'll give it to you, but is.
we just need to know what states you're registered in, and then how many tax-exempt certs do you have, because that will be part of data migration. I'm registered in 48, and I know because we just had it just came up. Can we miss that? Okay. It'll be a follow-up question, you have to answer it right now. Any other third-party applications, I just want to make sure, well, let's go through the list. Marketing, you're using, what are you using for marketing? So, for marketing, define what you mean by marketing. Social media platforms, how we create bids, how we track work.
Lead acquisition, so email marketing, or... Okay, so if we do that, which is very rarely, we do that through MailChimp. Okay, MailChimp. Yeah. All right. We have SurveyMonkey. Are you going to be switching to Miller-Knowles survey system? Has it happened the last time? I'll get back with you. They made us do all this work, and I paid CORE like $1,000, and then a month later they were like, so we're deleting that survey system, and we'll follow up with something new.
So I don't know if something new came out in the last two years. Something has happened because I got an email last night from CORE. I got that too. I just deleted it. But I did see the highlight that it was referring to exactly what you're talking about. So maybe. I don't know what that survey is. I haven't seen what the questions are. Right now we have a very specific survey that we send out every quarter to every client that has a closed order. It's all manual. I'm like, hey, Kip, we're on the closed order report for the last quarter. He sends me all the ship to contact names in CORE and email addresses,
and then I load those into. SurveyMonkey, I would love to be able to figure out NetSuite when we, at what point something happens in an order, a survey gets sent out. Sure. Yep. Okay, very good. And then any other tools you're using for marketing, like maybe Monday or Trello or anything? Asana. They have used Asana off and on, although I see that they've built out a very complicated Google Sheet the last time I looked. So Google Sheets, we definitely want to document that.
Yeah. They use Google Slides to create all of our decks. So we used to work in Adobe, now they just do everything in Google. Okay. And then we do a auto, what's it called? Can you think of what it's called for the social media post where it's all scheduled, what platform we use for that? It's some little app that basically can preload all of our social media and then it schedules it out to go out. Perfect. We also, I mean, there's a whole list of crap they have.
Flipbook, which is going to be called Flip Snack. We have to give you a whole list of software. I don't know that any of those, the main thing that we need to integrate is MailChimp and SurveyMonkey. Yeah, okay. Since you guys are a Google shop and you're using Google, are you guys leveraging Gemini inside Google? We just turned it on. Great. I think that it is stupid. After being on ChatGPT for three years, Gemini has a lot to learn.
But yeah, we just implemented that as well as Copilot because we do still use Microsoft Outlook. I shouldn't say we're not more anti-Microsoft. We have the highest level of Microsoft licenses one can have. It's just all of our most non-financed people in our company prefer to work in Google. But all of our email and calendaring is still through Outlook. So they have Copilot through there as well. Gotcha, okay. So you guys, are you leveraging AI in your... We just launched a policy.
Some of us are better at it than others because we've been using it longer. I use it all day, every day. Okay. I use it every day. Yeah. Well, as we go through the implementation, if you want, like, we use AI. Like, I think I actually have three pro accounts because I always run through so much usage. Yeah. So we can help with all of that, too, as well. Okay. And it is, I'll mention this early, NetSuite just released an MCP connector that allows you to connect Cloud Model Context Protocol.
It's basically like a way to connect one system to another, one AI system to another. So you can connect your AI. The last thing you presented to us, NetSuite was launching, or maybe you were launching in Orion, a chatbot through AI. Yep, yep. So the biggest problem with that chatbot was, how do we, who pays for that? Yeah. Because there's a cost to it, right? And for us, just, Let's put the switch on and say we paid for it, and then somebody could be making cat pictures with it. It's like, that could be really expensive. What NetSuite now has done is they've allowed you to take Claude or ChatGPT, connect it.
to your NetSuite database, and query and read and write to your NetSuite database, which is going to completely transform how we all work with ERP. Maybe you're going to save me money. This is, well... Maybe you'll save me money through time. Yeah, well, you're talking about really your $20 ChatGPT subscription a month to have access to the NetSuite database. And so we've already built some really sophisticated dashboards right inside Claude just by pulling.
information and so, yeah, it's going to be, it's, we're still... So if I was an account manager, I could just be like, tell me the latest on this order and it would go pull that information and give you a synopsis? Or the big one is, hey, we just finished this project. I have my margin eroded by 5%. Why? Go through all the system notes. Tell me why, when it happened, who did it. You can get all that information. So we're working towards all that. We're building out some pretty cool things. But just so you know, NetSuite's really on the forefront.
When we talk about an open platform, they didn't have to do that. Like, that is because, like, I could see where that's going to, that could potentially, it's going to affect their business model by doing that. But that's their philosophy to be open like that. So it's really going to benefit clients. So that was marketing. Marketing, CRM. CRM, we use Zendesk, which we just found out they're phasing out in 2020, the end of 2026. Okay, perfect timing. Perfect timing. Yep. When I say we use Zendesk, let me just preface that with, it's literally a forecast tool.
No one is using it really to do any relationship management. Okay. I mean, we've had all sorts of things. We've had core CRM. Yep. We've had, I. We paid $70,000 a year for Salesforce so that we can have forecasting. It's literally a forecasting tool. I would like to figure out better ways to make that part of marketing, less individual, more marketing, but it's very simple. Okay. Yeah, Salesforce is really expensive, and you can get everything you need inside NetSuite for sure.
And Zendesk and Core do not speak to one another. Yeah. And I thought Zendesk was more for ticketing. It is, but we kind of forced our way there. Okay. We have this little tiny window for forecasting and CRM. Okay. And so we built it out to do what we needed to do. Okay. Basically, every Tuesday, look at what's coming for the rest of the month. Okay. All right. So we could just have, like, where we click a button in the dashboard, and it's like this is what's booked for the month and what's left to book for the month. Perfect. Yeah, easy. So that's marketing, CRM, order.
I'm just going through our process areas. Order management, you're using your ERP. Operations? So operations is different. because we don't have operations the same as a lot of dealers, but what we're using for operations within the ERP system or within core right now, I mean maybe a work order gets pulled, maybe. Mostly what we're doing is pulling receivers directly and sending those to the installers or testing for our pool so.
we're not, I like a work order because it marks everything that's delivered in core, but most of our people aren't even doing that. So you sub out almost everything? We sub out everything. Oh everything. The only thing that's changing is we have just hired our first ever project manager service technician, but it's specific for one account, one client. I don't know that I want to open up that whole Pandora's box of operations portal because we have no warehousing, we have no trucks, we have no.
crews. Yep. So your requirements when it comes to operations is really more about communication with your subcontractors for things like labor quotes. Yep. I'd love to be able to initiate labor quotes through it. Yep. I'd love to be able to say it's time for delivery and all of those receivers that came in are linked and we can just hit a button and it goes to them. So let's automate some of the, like, we have Outlook with all those email templates to ask for things like labor quotes.
We could, I would assume, build that all into forms within the project itself. So we literally have, like, you change your email signature and it gives you, like, a form to fill out so that we make sure that the information is captured every time. Oh, okay. Gotcha. Just to, you know, poor man's version of automation. Yep. So the labor quote requests, you can send out those. Yeah. Email. There's so many. What's that? There's so many. Yeah, that's okay. So for operations, for me, I think more of like, do we have a COI on file?
Has the site verification been done? Do we have the elevator dimensions? Do we understand path of travel? Do we understand if there's a loading dock or not? It's more about the building information, project information, and sub-checkoff information. Yep. So our operations suite kind of starts at the very beginning with the site analysis, record. Labor quote, and then kind of picks up after-order management with receiving, which you will need to do receiving.
You need to do receiving. And we'll show you how to do it. It's really simple. Yeah. And then, of course, then the typical work orders and field service, which you guys won't be doing. But maybe your project managers will want to do the field service, because are they keeping track of punch? They keep track of punch. So they'll use the field service app for that. So it's really just no crews, no trucks, no warehousing. Yep. So... So no work orders and no scheduling dispatching app. Yep. But sometimes we do a work order. Yeah. Well, it's there. Okay. Yeah. It's not like you pay extra for that or you get a discount if you don't have it.
And in the past, the work order was always about just getting client signature. So in core, you had to do a work order so that you get a signature page and you get people to sign off on it. Yeah. And we're also hoping we can get signature on an iPad versus a printer piece of paper. Right now, we still need a work order event to capture that signature. But can it be captured digitally or does it have to be on a printer? Digitally. So in the future. In the future. Yeah. So I still do a work order and then they get a signature. Yeah. And we can... A work order just might not fool everyone.
Yeah. And we can maybe do some things to make it super easy for that. Okay. So that's order management. Financial management. Are you using any third-party tools to help with... Well, you mentioned Power BI. Are you actually using Power BI? What's the one they use for inventory or asset management? They use Bloomberg. Bloomberg. Yeah. I work for Fixed Asset and that does our tax, our state and federal tax depreciation. How many assets are you tracking, if you had to guess?
Well, I'm a little scared to tell you. No pressure. I'm just wondering if it's... Pages and pages. Is it in the hundreds or is it in the tens of thousands? No, hundreds. Hundreds. Okay. So you have the option of using Nutsuite's Fixed Asset module. It's extra, but it's, I think it's probably like $4,000 a year. It's not... Well, we can compare it to Bloomberg. Yeah. Yeah, I think we're paying... Yeah, and then, of course, the benefits, it's in the system. Are you using anything for customer asset management?
Oh, because you're not doing any, sorry. Yeah. Sorry. Well, we do get... Like, President Wilson wants us to sample a client that is interested in that that carries a lot of... Yeah. So we get asked a lot, are we capable? Yeah. And we go, sure. Right. Because we could turn something on or build something, and then most of the time they never use it. Or we push it to the warehouse or the store and ask them to do it. Yeah. It's more the ability to say yes. Yeah.
Or maybe provide a demo if we needed to. But in all the years that we've responded to RFPs or had clients ask us about it, they've never been willing to pay for it. Okay. Go ahead. That could change. Yep. We also use LeaseCorp to manage our operating leases. But right now that is a software that we use in conjunction with software where we are outside auditor, so we need to find a replacement. So we do have a lease tool with one of our partners.
that integrates with NetSuite as well. With this asset, you also get their lease tool. It depends on how. Sophisticated, unique, it's pretty basic, it's pretty basic, but you get a really good answer. Yeah, yeah. So we'll make a note to get with, I have this on right, yeah, get with NetGain, and we'll get you some, yeah, NetGain is our partner, and we partner with them on a few things, and they have a lease, a really popular lease suite up, so we'll get you some information.
on that. Ask that $600,000, that book value. How many? Numbers. Sorry, yeah, number of items. Things on the finance side that aren't incorporated anywhere for software that are manually, that I have to deal with, so that's why I'm bringing it up, is client contracts, terms and conditions, and new client forms, as well as client required COIs, master service agreements, and SFWs, and all that just is dumped in a folder after my name is put on.
it. Yep. Thank you. Yeah, okay, so let's document that. Those are actually easy wins. So for the sake of the transcript, we're going to have the requirement for documenting and tracking official documents is what we'll call it because you can keep it general because then you can do it for all kinds of things. Yeah, I mean, is that something NetSuite's capable of,
to have, like, vendor- or client-facing forms that will feed back into the database? Like, right now, we publish something, we go out, it's all done through Adobe Sign, and it comes back, and then it's manually keyed in to Core to create that account. Yeah. It'd be nice. Every time I do it, I'm like, boy, it'd be nice if the customer's information just flowed right into this. Obviously, you have to still go and audit it to make sure that they did it correctly. Yeah, we do that with a web approval, but if you need an electronic signal,
Signature will be necessary for terms and conditions, but not necessarily, well, I mean if we're doing that. We just need a signed 1099, and then we keep that away, file that away. Yeah, yeah. So we have this web approval tool, and we use it specifically for proposals. So basically you print out the proposal as a PDF, then you publish it to the web, and then the client can visit it and either say it's approved or ask for a revision. But it's a web approval. Then they give you money, so it's like it's clearly that they approved it because they also gave you money.
But if you need electronic signature, we recommend DocuSign. DocuSign has a suite app. It integrates right in that suite. Check the pricing again because they jump around with their pricing, and the suite app is free. When I took over IT, we did a full... On it, I think we were paying $33,000, and nine documents had been sent that year.
Okay. So, to me, that was the first thing I deleted or canceled. Yeah. The other one is signed now. Yeah, we had that as well. That's what replaced DocuSign. Okay. And there is a suite up for that. Okay. It was priced a lot more. It was kind of clunky, but, yeah. Maybe it's improved. The document didn't look very nice. Yeah. I did run into the pricing with DocuSign where it was, like, crazy amounts for, like, you had to have a certain amount of packages and everything. It's like, I only use this a handful of times. I don't want to pay for it. But I thought that they had updated their pricing, so it's worthwhile to check it.
Okay. That's fine. So, yeah, with our fixed asset module, if it gets into the thousands and tens of thousands, it really slows down. But when we're in the hundreds, it's fine. Yeah, totally fine. It's pre-made, so it's a muster that I probably know. No. So that gets us through financial management. And business intelligence is our last process area, just really around reporting. Is there any other tools other than Excel that you're using for reporting? No, Crystal Reports or Power...
Well, we mentioned Power BI, but nothing else. Okay. Yeah, Excel, yeah. Yep.
Yeah, so in NetSuite, you have... You have a number of BI tools. You have the native reports that can be customized, and those can be scheduled and automatically emailed. Then you have saved searches, which are very flexible, and it's basically a query of the database, but then you can save it and repurpose it. And those can be individually? Yeah, and those actually power the dashboards and all kinds of stuff. We use them extensively. And then you have something called workbook analytics, which is that Excel-like reporting.
You can do pivot tables and charts right inside NetSuite, pin those tables and charts to dashboards so they're always in real time. So that tends to replace some of that Excel functionality that's needed. Not all of it, but some of it. And then if you need something, if there's like a specific report that's really important to you, and you want it to be in real time versus extracted and manipulated, then we can build using SuiteQL or SQL, NetSuite allows you to do it. We can pretty much build anything you want. And in fact, some of the reports that you'll see...
inside of Orion, like the backlog report, the booking report, inventory received, non-invoice, those are all custom reports that we built using different technologies. Yeah, that's all stuff they have to do outside the core business. The stock reports are garbage. Yeah. This is a pre, probably, I don't know if it's outside, but from the sales lens, when you mentioned doing Excel within the world of NetSuite based off of reports and data from the system,
my mind is like, well, I'm in Excel and Sheets to do budgets, and those budgets would inform perhaps the amount that would be in the forecast system, and I'm doing schedules that might inform when we would do order booking and cash flow in terms of when we would invoice. Are there any correlations between the things that I'm definitely doing outside of the system that then would inform? Yeah, I would assume.
Like, I mean, when you say you're doing budgets, are you talking about, like... Oh, yeah. Yeah. You need 27 chairs, three sofas, four workstations. We're just plopping numbers in. So this proposal, this ultimate order, may be this amount. Yeah. And then that amount would be what's on the forecast. Oh, you're using that to forecast that early. Well, I mean... We have multiple ways. Sometimes it's a ROM. Yeah. Sometimes we're like, they don't know yet, or we don't know yet, so it's price per square foot.
Right. Yeah, so typically we're using opportunities for forecasting. So, and it is kind of rough order of magnitude. It's basically, like, here's an opportunity. I know that Chase Bank's going up, and it's probably going to be $500,000. And here's my target GP. But I'm not using that as a proposal to the client. No, no, no. That's her insight. Could you add lines? Yes. And say the quantities? and then those lines could eventually roll over into a project and then be updated by a staff. Yeah. What you're looking for?
I'm curious of the time, yes. Okay. Yeah, you could do it at a very high level, which is like here's the total project, here's my target GP, or here's line information and maybe each line, because it might not be just for furniture. But I mean a salesperson would do that in NetSuite. Yeah, in NetSuite, yep. And we give them some tools to make it really easy. Like I've managed salespeople in NetSuite before, so I know like there's this really delicate balance between sophisticated reporting and not getting anybody to do anything.
because if it's not 10 seconds or less with a salesperson, it's almost like forget it. And I get it because I used to do sales, so it's like I want to sell. I don't want to be filling out information, but it's necessary for other people. So like we have a quick ad opportunity where like I can go in there and I can create this opportunity in like 10, 20 seconds, real easy. And then that beats the forecast. Was that only for forecasting, or would you say that it could be manipulated so that it would be client-facing appropriate? The next step would be turn the opportunity into a quote or a proposal,
which would be client-facing. So you'd probably still have to do your mom in a spreadsheet. Okay. Yeah. Well, we could take a look at it. I mean, if there's something that – this might be an area where – in fact, I remember talking to a dealership on the East Coast, and they told me they're like, the reason why we win all the time is because we do these budgets, and we take the time to build these in Excel, and we copy-paste the images in there. We have all this formatting, and that's why we win. That's why we beat our competition.
And I was like, well, I don't want you to change that. It's like just because – so, yeah, we'll build something to accommodate it inside NetSuite. Why not? Yeah. So, no, we don't – we never did because we didn't move forward with that dealer. But if that's something that – that's a good example of if that's why you're winning and you need that inside the system, we would – We would build something out for that. It's pretty common. But I don't think we necessarily need it inside the system. Because once it goes into the system, it's not going to be as quick and easy to manipulate. So for a specific client, you want to change a column, or you want to add something, or you want to... I guess I'm just trying to balance.
I know one of the things was I'm trying to standardize within a couple of ways. I mean, we tailor everything. Right? So every budget is different. And then... It's part of revision of values. Right. It is part of revision of values. So I was just like, is there a streamlining thing where then it's all within... That's a good question. Yeah. It's always doable. Yeah. It could be phase two. For sure. Yeah. I have two finance things. Going back. Pain points for us.
One is managing... And again, not payroll information necessarily, but just the number of heads. Like a metric. Is... Yeah. I mean... So you... You don't have that. right now in CORE? Like you can't count how many employees? Well we can't. I mean if they're an employee then we can count how many users but we have more users than actual employees because we give our consultants access to CORE.
We have a whole team in the Philippines that isn't technically an employee that have access to CORE. So oh gotcha. We can't dump that data. I feel like couldn't that just be a connector between a lossy or whatever system we have that we're coming for information? Yeah I mean that's what gives you the the you have the employee record in NetSuite and then you have types of employees whether full-time part-time or whatever. Yeah so like coming up with that number is very simple. Yeah and you can put that on a KPI on a dashboard. That's exactly what we do. I have a question and, then my second one was we do a lot of account routes and I haven't seen NetSuite in a while.
so I'm not sure if it's enhanced. I've used Blackline, Flowcast and things like that that, I do might hit the button and then it goes up to the approved. Is that now available in NetSuite? Are you talking about bank account reconciliation? No, just an account reconciliation in general. Like for clothes, we have pre-pay, we have, like, we have a record of that. GL accounts. I'd have to understand the process a little bit better. So, yeah, I'd have to understand. I'm sorry I'm not tracking.
We can talk a little bit more about it for sure. Let's put a pin in that one. Are we asking too many questions? Not at all. Do we have any tracker time? No, no, no. Especially for this session. This session is, like, kind of, it's really open. Yeah. No, that was my question. Oh, that was your question. Oh, yeah, no, no, you're good. You're good. Because actually she said, it was about the question. She started talking about pain points. That was the next point on there was pain points and limitations. Like, what are you guys, what are your pain points? When you think about it across the organization, we can think about it from process area. You can think about it from departments.
But in general, what are the big pain points and the things that you want to, that are limiting you that you want to address? I think the biggest glaring thing with core specifically is an inability to tailor within the system with everything outside the system. And then my biggest pain point with that is that we have to do everything outside the system in order to meet those needs. The other big pain point that we have, which is more just something to keep in mind as we meet with all the different departments,
is that within one department, there might be nine different ways to do the same thing because somebody feels like their way is the best way versus just doing one way. I'd like to try to eradicate that down to a more acceptable number. I know we won't get to one. Okay. But, yeah. Minimize it. Standardize. Right. If we can make up reasons why. It's office to office, too. One office does something one way and another office does. We have three offices and another office does. When we merged, it was kind of two cultures.
Sacramento, they were San Francisco, and they never shot the two meet, but once a year. And then there's obviously KB Workspace. And so even after we merged, those three cultures still stay. Even with a lot of those people gone, they still exist. So, yeah, I'm hoping also to eradicate some of that forcefully through this. Those are mine. I don't know if you guys speak to yours. Do we have a commission module? You do. Can your commission module do project-based commissions?
It only does project-based commissions. Oh, interesting. Yeah. Well, shit, that's going to be difficult for nine other things. Well, except I will say this. Whenever you create an opportunity or a quote, the project is automatically created. So there's always a project, even if it's just one-to-one, one project to one sales order. There's always a project. So that, in effect, gives you commissions on the order level because it's still looking. It's still calculated from the project, but there's only one order. So it's, in effect, the order level.
But if we had a project with 20 orders, it won't do commission at the order level. It would only do project level. It would do it at the project level. It would take into account all the, it would aggregate the GP across all the orders. So right now, I have one person on project commissions, and then I have everybody else on, or, sorry, yeah, project commissions, and then everybody else is on paid order commissions, is the terminology. Yep. So once we're 100% paid, they get paid? Yep. Is there a way to manipulate that so that it's either, it's still pay off of the project,
but pay as it goes, versus waiting for the project to be completely done? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we built this really flexible. Okay. So you can actually schedule as many calculations as you want throughout the project. Okay. So you could start, like, as soon as I get a deposit, let's calculate commission, and let's calculate it on the project total, or let's calculate it as a proportion. whatever the deposit percentage was and then let's recalculate when the work orders are complete and then let's recalculate again after the punch is complete so the idea is that you might basically.
almost like calculating it early paying them early but truing it up as the project goes so clawback or increase based off of and then for visibility if someone is set up on commission will they have a commission portal within the system that will show them like what they've been paid what they potentially have to be paid yep it's not a separate portal because it's it's it's in the same database but they'll have a dashboard that says here's all my commissions, here's what's eligible here's what's authorized here's what's paid one of the other struggles.
we've had with core is some of our commission agreements are a little complicated like tiered and, is is orion capable of that you know if the gp falls in this range yes falls in this range there's a matrix for it yes yeah you can do that you can do it by you can do point for point, you could do flat for any of those tiers, But even then, I would say anticipate us covering 80% of your commission because I just still run into scenarios where it's like somebody was grandfathered in.
and they had this commission plan. We have two plans. Oh, great. And one is a flat rate, and that rate changes based off a role. And then we have one person. Now we have two people that are basically on straight commission, and they have tiers. So if a GP falls within this, they get paid this percentage, so on. Then there's five tiers each. So the only thing that we're doing right now with all the dealers, commission module is done. If we haven't done a demo for you, we can do the demo for you. But I do recommend not going live with the commission module because it's still new,
and we recommend doing it like a couple months after. Can we manually do a commission? Are you not doing them manually right now? Oh, how are you doing them now? Oh, you are using them. You're using them. Yeah. Ish. So it's kind of semi-manual, semi-Core? Well, I finally got us to the point where it was all automated. Yeah. Because, again, the previous administrator was running commissions and then putting them in an Excel spreadsheet and then manipulating them in an Excel spreadsheet.
And so the spreadsheet never matched what was in Core, so I had no true record. And so now we just got to the point where everything is happening in Core, but we just had a snafu this week, which changed that. So I don't mind, by the time you guys go live, the commission module will be much more tested. Okay. I just know, like, it's people's pay. Yeah. It's like... Well, Joe, I should preface it with, I'm running everything to Core, and then I spend three hours analyzing everything that's been ran and questioning it and putting reason.
behind what it did and agreeing or disagreeing with what it did. Okay. So it's not like I just push the button and walk away. Okay. We've had so many hiccups with it that if we... confidence in it now and that we would we don't try and i'm not trying to speak for him but i don't trust it like it's just like i feel like i have to look at over and over it's just and i think probably there's some that that sentiment is coming from the sales people too i'm sure like there have been enough things where they're like is this true is this accurate yeah that's eroded and i feel like we need to regain and that's and that's what i want to avoid is and because these.
these commission plans are so complicated and the calculations are so complicated and then when you get into like split commissions and contribution percentages and stuff it's like the potential for error is there so if you're willing to go live with it and still validate we'll work with you like to resolve any issues that come up but i just want to say expectations yeah well like i expect there to be issues to come up i mean i expect there to be issues at every turn so yeah i just want the option to be able to see the issue yeah oh yeah and that is one thing we do in the system is you.
system to calculate and we catch the error more than i would, trust myself to just calculate and open it up. Okay. That's right. Yeah, because the calculations are consistent. The reason I do commissions is because I was a salesperson who was on a straight commission. That's how I started here. And so I know what to look at. I know what makes sense and doesn't make sense. And I can find things pretty quickly. Whereas we had finance try to do it for a while and gone blossom. You know, it just, they don't know what I know. Sure. Or what anybody in sales has known. So, yeah. It's clear.
Nobody knows what you know. And that mind is a vault. We've got a lot of data. For finance, I think one of our major, major pain points, which you've addressed, is just the cash recons. Yeah. And obviously linking to the bank is a key for us and going through that. I mean, right now it takes us three or four days of him looking at it. My job security is going away. Just kidding.
I do have one. Some questions. For financial reporting, right now we're exporting all the financial data and manually calculating year-over-year variances, quarter-over-quarter variances. Are we able to just do that within NetSuite? Yeah, right from the income statement. Yeah, because I know all the ERP system is capable of doing that. Yeah, for sure. Yep, right from the income statement, you can do that. And then the bank account reconciliation process in NetSuite has kind of evolved.
They actually still have, I think they still have the old version in there too, but there's an old version and a new version. The new version is pretty cool because if you have the bank feed and you have the live feeds from the bank, the information is coming in and automatically matching. So what's coming in from the bank is automatically matching. And if things aren't matching, you can create rules, especially if they're recurring, you can create rules to make them match in the future. So you end up with this process of working through and you just have exceptions at the end and you just deal with the exceptions. So it works. It works pretty well.
It should take like five minutes. It should. Yeah. It should. I remember back when I was doing it, I would reconcile daily so that then the last day of the month I had very little to do. Yeah. The other thing too that a lot of people don't know or leverage is you can do the same thing with your credit cards. You can do the reconciliation with your credit cards inside of NetSuite as well, your corporate cards. So that should hopefully make your life easier too. It will make my life easier because I don't like doing it sometimes.
That's why I'm looking for RAMP because of the way we have to do credit cards. Yeah. On the proposal side, one of the pain points for account managers is obviously the loading of the SIF into NetSuite. You mentioned the SIF loader term. SIF import. Yeah. SIF import. Because I think there, at least within the world of Core and the world of Project Spec, an example of it, TimeSuck is where you have... a freight line and a product line and in core they're a different category and then but they're.
the same in so there's a manual process to go line by line to make it correct and then there's also a manual process to like make the proposal order sometimes like different um within the world of core than on the spec is that all worked out yeah well part of that is us the way we start core okay okay so when things don't line up catalog some of that is us okay um but i think you're probably.
talking about the null muto freight lines or and all that yeah so i think again that will probably just go back to us setting up how we want it yeah so you have the catalog code manager utility in the system and so we we kind of seed that with all the catalog codes um from configura and then, the nice thing about that utility is it goes out every month and gets the new catalog codes, presents it to you so you can accept them and map them to the vendors but you can create your own catalog codes so now that gets tricky with freight right yeah it does so you're gonna have to spend.
some time creating those catalog codes for freight by vendor and figuring out some type of schema naming convention to do those and you don't have to use three letters you can do as many as you want but i do recommend doing that because when you import the file then it's going to automatically map now in our system if you if you import the sif file and something doesn't map properly you still import the sif file it doesn't break the import so you don't have to figure it out and then try and re-import what we have is a view in the smart table that identifies all the items that.
did not get mapped to vendors so then you just have a subset so get it on the system and then work through it there yep and then identify the vendor so for us we just need people to, tell us when it's not loading so that we can make note and then go on the back end yeah yeah, but right now some people call it shipping and healing some people call it freight some people call it snh and so we have to we have to standardize on what we're going to call it yeah okay is there a way for netsuite to talk to harman miller's or miller noel's quote tool.
yep yeah we have the quote tool integration for your quotes and then the order manager integration for your appeals and acknowledgments people don't use that as much as they should even though they're told to do it and then we have more errors and reconciliation and vendor stuff, on the flip side yep how many vendors or manufacturers are you set up to accept to, edi i know in core we've got and when i say i guess edi is multifaceted edi is.
submitting an order getting back you know further as to where the invoice comes in, And then also the other part of EDI is order. Anyway, how many manufacturers do you do that with? Two. So we have Miller Null, we have Exemplus, and then we do have the ability to export a purchase order as an XML file for the Null portal. And then eventually Null will be part of Order Manager eventually, right?
Allegedly. We've been hearing that for nine years. Yeah. Now, as soon as we can convince a vendor to integrate with us, they're all using the same XML schema, the furniture schema, and we already built the platform specifically for that schema, so we can move really fast. We just keep getting told no. And so our thought is, okay, we have to get some key dealers on the platform to convince them to move. But I would love to, if you have somebody. I could give you a list. Yeah, I know the ones that offer that.
The ones that you have. The ones that you actually use. Yeah, the ones you actually use. And I think Core has like six or seven of them. More. Do they have more? Yeah, I think that might be right. It's less than 10, yeah. Yeah. Well, send the list, and then if Mark and I need to start making phone calls, letting them know that we're going to be switching systems and putting them to get on board if they want to continue to have our support. Yeah, I had a – who did I – was that HumanScale I had a conversation with? I was like – They're useless, so it doesn't really matter. Yeah, I could not get them to move at all. I would give them zero business if it was possible.
Then there was another one, and I don't remember who it was, but they were like, we only integrate with Core. They just said no over and over. We only integrate with Core. It's a weird hill to die on. Yeah, I know. Yeah, we'd love your help on that. And like I said, we built this platform, the integration platform, with the intention of integrating with a lot of vendors, so we're hoping to achieve that. On the EDI for Miller, for Herman Miller and Exemplus. Do they talk both ways, or just one way?
Like, will our knowledge just fully load back in when it's acknowledged? Is Miller sending us information back through that, or no? Well, sorry, Miller is sending back information. So the acknowledgment information comes back, and then you have the view. It's called vendor response utility. You'll have the view, and that has the purchase order line stacked with the acknowledgment line. And then any differences are highlighted. And then from there, you can either accept the difference, or you can create an issue because there's a discrepancy that needs to get resolved and track all of that.
So we give you the ability to manage all of that right there on that one screen. And you can do it in bulk, and you can set tolerances if you want. Okay. Can EDI tool accept incoming invoices from Exemplus and Miller Null? I don't think Exemplus has it, but Miller Null does. We do with Miller Null. But whatever they have available to us, we'll use. Yeah, so it's just really willing to be limited by them. But I think Exemplus only has the sending of the purchase order and the receiving of the acknowledgment.
I think there are, I can't remember, I'm going to have an AP representative here, there are only two or three that do that with invoices that load it automatically, I can't remember. Okay. Any other pain points? I like the fact you guys are just throwing everything on the table, and this is great. I think a big one is just, it's kind of what Matt said, it's just having to constantly just run into a brick wall with core.
and then having to pull out the data and do it yourself. And it also just makes me wonder how many of our processes and things that we're doing, are we doing it because that's the right way to do it, or we're doing it because we have no choice because core has boxed us into a corner and made us do it that way. So I am really curious to see, like, I love what he said about... much as we can, we want to just use this out of the box, and there will be situations where it doesn't make sense, but I think that's it for me, I just question the way that we.
do things because of how limited core ends to be, and really hamstrings us in a lot of ways, and I feel like I'm really crapping our core, it does things well, too, it's not all bad. Well, yeah, all right, let's talk about departments, and I apologize, there's one typo on here, but let's just talk about your department structure currently, the design, yeah, the design header is not appropriate, but let's just talk about what your list of departments.
are, so you have finance, do you call it finance, or do you call it accounting, what would you like to call it, Matt, call it finance, and then let me also just say this about departments in NetSuite. departments are usually used for employee management but also tracking expenses classes or divisions are used to track revenue so to kind of keep those two things in mind there's a kind of the distinction but really the goal of this.
slide is we just want to listen your departments to make sure that see if they align with what we have so accounting do you have an executive department okay why are you guys doing budgeting you didn't excel do you want to do budgeting inside NetSuite okay do you do more than one budget how many budgets okay so NetSuite gives you kind of different levels of that just.
natively you have the multi budgets that you can do and you just load them in from Excel and then that's sweet and you can report on it. It's never been to kind of socialize a budget outside, the financial budget. Kimmy's looking at me like, I'm not even giving you a budget. Everybody always asks us for a budget, and we're like, just put in the expense, we'll tell you if it's approved or not. Okay. We've never done that, but I do that globally once a year. Kevin and I work on it, and then every month we update it.
Okay, so starting with NetSuite Native is perfect. There's no additional cost. What's it called? I'm sorry. It's just called, it's budget. Budgeting, and then there's an income statement report where it's the P&L versus budget. If you ever get more sophisticated or want to get more sophisticated than that, there's planning and budgeting, and that's an additional module. I just want you to know that's available to you. HR is a department. Do you have IT as a department?
The whole department. The whole department right there, represented. I imagine that design is a department. Yeah. Operations is still, or do you call it project? Project management. We want project management. Okay. So not operations, but project management. And then... Operations falls under, basically, yeah. No, I'm not going to say it because it's just different. Okay. We're missing one, product coordinators. Project. Project coordinators. Which is basically what you have as support. Yeah.
Okay. So you have account managers. Yes. This is good to figure out because it's different in every dealership. Account. Who is generating the quote and location? Who is loading the SIF file? Project coordinators. And also, sometimes, account managers. Okay. Yeah. What's the handoff from the account manager to the project coordinator to do that? An email. Okay. That's fine. We'll fix that. But it's good for us to know just where that handoff is. And then marketing is its own department?
Yes. And then sales? Marketing falls under corporate here for us. Under corporate. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. but it can fall anywhere, it doesn't matter. And then you have a sales department and? Sales includes business development, account management, and we have what we call sales coordinators, which are basically a junior, junior account manager. Okay, gotcha. Those are four different departments. Four different departments. Okay, so it's a little bit different than this. Maybe if you can just give us a list of that, that'd be great. That would be one of your actions. I guess there doesn't need to be four different departments.
Totally up to you guys. Like this is. It's mostly driven by financial reporting, correct? You know, I mean. It's been driven more by payroll. So if we still want it that way. Yep. Because this is our opportunity to blow it up. Kimmy, is the account manager gonna be upset for being called sales, because it's been an issue in the past? I think we. All right, pre-configured divisions. Oh, sorry.
Executives. Administration, yeah.
Can you make a note to fix this? I don't know why design got as a header there. Yeah, and for project management, for us, that means field project management. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yep. Okay. Yeah, the design is called out as like a major point, where those fall underneath. That's not, that's not right. We'll restructure it. We don't even need to have the headers there.
This is for reporting, right? Do we need a department for contractors? Tracking independent contractors. You don't need it. Okay. I mean, there are other ways to track it. Yeah. We usually put them under whatever departments they are, 1099. Yeah, 1099. 1099 then directly to the payroll. So like when we do it through pay loss, we just put them in whatever.
So the thing you were talking about. Yeah, class, division, business unit. I kind of throw them all out there because I don't know what you call them exactly. So yeah, so our division then, all universes then by office. So we typically call those locations, or sales locations, actually is what we call those. And then, not to be confused, but then we also have a similar one, which is where the physical bodies show up to work in,
because you kind of keep track of what office people are going to work in. And they sometimes are not, so it could be a little confusing. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so let's, so we created sales locations for tracking, basically, sales offices and sales by a specific location. And we kept that separate than the warehouse location, because it could be different, because you might have your product. Because you guys don't have your own warehouses.
So I'll have to think through that. But you do have... On the front end side, or on the order side, we only have three locations. Yeah. Sacramento, San Francisco, Tennessee, and we use that to track. where the booking happens. OK, that's sales location. Yep. On the back end for finances, we have the three locations plus corporate. And as far as what office they're assigned to, we do that in philosophy. True. So we could connect that in the connector of whatever we're working on. And the offices, that includes corporate, are you doing that because there's.
allocations that you're doing? They've just always been set up that way. When we merged, it became, because we went from one location to three locations. And so also, we became a corporate. But again, we're on one P&L, so it's not like we assign a percentage of corporate cost to each location or anything like that. But that's what I've been doing, locating. I'm just seeing what the burden is. Again, that's what I do financially. Yeah. So our GL is structured so that we have the GL accounts.
list, location first. It's either corporate, Sacramento, San Jose, or San Francisco. I feel like when I talk to the lawyers and we get a bill, I don't bill it against a location, I bill it against corporate. Sure, yep, yep. So this is exciting for all of us consultants, by the way, because you have a major opportunity to flatten your GL structure.
Yeah, so when we talk about these divisions, departments, segments, these are, this allows you not to have to do any of that with the GL, the duplication of the GL by location or anything like that. You eliminate all of that, and then you can have a really cool income statement that is consolidated or broken out by location, by division, by department, depending on what you're looking at, department would be kind of incomplete, but. No, that's what I'm, I'm dying to see your chart again. Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, we'll definitely be giving you.
You'll throw up when you see our chart. Hundreds of pages. Yeah. Yeah, it's duplicated across every location.
Yeah, so it's nice because that all goes away. Yeah, exactly, and it's called dimensioning. The only thing to consider here is when it comes time to do your mapping, for the end-of-the-month trial balances, you're going to be mapping all of that to a much simplified GL structure. There's some work there, just, yeah. Question there, are we rebuilding our structure based on, you know, other Herman Miller dealers' financial statement,
or we have to build, like, a brand new one? No, we have a baseline. So we sat down with Miller & All, and we worked out a baseline chart of accounts, and we did take some other things into consideration, like Solomon Coil. So you can, the thing with Solomon Coil is they're actually structured like how you guys are. Like, they're assuming all those GL accounts. So it's a little bit more work, actually, for their PRISM report to go from what we have to there. But we did take some of the things into consideration.
And so one of our action items, and I'll just say it now, is to deliver the chart of accounts to Lorraine so she can review it. And then, again, it's a baseline. We can absolutely deviate from it. Hopefully it kind of covers the majority of what you need. But there's nothing in there that we can't change. We just kind of want to come to the table with a starting point. You mentioned Solomon Coil. Yeah, we haven't built it out yet. I've met with John Joseph multiple times on it.
Like, I understand exactly what they're doing and what the mapping would be. So it just hasn't been a priority at this point. Manually, yeah, for now. Yeah, ideally what we want to have is...
No, and then I did talk to John Joseph about building integration. He's like, no, we can't do that. Because they're using... He's using Excel. So he's a VBA wizard. Oh, my gosh. But it is... Limitation, it's all VBA, which is, you know, it's flat files. There's nothing to integrate. Yep. Divisions. So for us, divisions are like business units, whatever you want to call them, but we call them divisions, furniture floors, wall, sorry, furniture flooring, walls, or audio or video.
Are you guys primarily just doing furniture? Yeah. We have walls. They get dabbled in here and there, but we don't have a whole department. Do you want to track it as a, okay, you do. So furniture and walls is what we need to focus on. Great. So financial reporting by business unit, performance tracking. You'll have it on your income statement. You'll be able to do a whole income statement just for furniture and walls. Let me stay here for a second. Commission calculation by division. Do you have different commission plans for flooring or walls, I mean?
Okay. That makes it easier? We have a different split. Meaning if a salesperson that normally sells furniture gets an add-on of walls, we give them a percentage and then the person that actually does the project gets them. So it's more of a commission split. So should we just leave it as one division then? Yeah, we'd want them on a separate sales order anyways.
Oh, okay. Then that's fine. You just have a different... Yeah, we would change the order type. Okay. So then you'd have one sales order for furniture, another sales order for walls. The commission plan, there would be two commission plans. One gets applied to this one, one gets applied to this one. They're different projects. But if you want to see the project profitability for both of those streams, we have what's called a master project. And so we'll pay commission on these two orders and projects, but then you could see the GP across with the master project.
project. So we already asked, do these divisions align? Any additional divisions needed? Sounds like just furniture and walls. So now that's it. And then how do you currently track? Manually. Okay. Yeah. So this will be an improvement, easier for you. Locations, we already kind of dabbled in this. Warehouse locations. I will say... We still put in warehouse locations because we have to know where to ship the product.
to. Yep. So we actually have a lot of warehouse locations. Or what we call, right now in core it's a vendor, and we do a vendor ship to. And we have some that are preloaded or we have the, we use the hyperlink action where if they're not preloaded as a drop down, we can add them, their account name, and then we'll know to ship to them. Okay. So how we typically handle this is if you have, you still need to receive to these locations, because the product is still yours at that point. So, if you have a set of locations that you're constantly using with these vendors, we'll.
create them in the system as a warehouse location. And then we often will create another location called third party warehouse for the ones that are sporadic and rarely happen. And then you'll just receive to that third party. And then inside that third party warehouse, you'll have bins and you can have a bin that represents each vendor. So there's bin management in addition to that. We don't do any of that now. It's only if you want to. I don't want to. Okay. You can just dump it in the third party then.
That's fine. Okay. Physical inventory, receiving and shipping points, bin management and organization, which you're not going to use, inventory tracking and movement. So you know, I mean, NetSuite's a full blown warehouse management system. You have all kinds of processes around that, but I don't, doesn't sound like you guys can, use any of that really yeah so let me just change it challenge it a.
little bit so the product it's pre-sold inventory because you have a sales order you're ordering the product it does change custody to you right and if anything happened to it your insurance would cover it okay when you receive the product in the whip it is technically on your books so if you do an inventory evaluation report okay I just want to make and you're good with that okay.
But we do use WIP because we need to. Because you can borrow against it. Yeah, exactly. But if a bank is asking, it's one thing. If a lawyer is asking, it's another thing. I like that answer, actually. Yeah, it depends on who's asking. So we do have, I don't know if we'll have time today, but we will have a whole session where we'll cover WIP.
and revenue and cost recognition. It is different in NetSuite. Then Core. But it's how enterprise ERPs do it. But it is different, and we give you a lot of tools, I think, to make it a lot easier to manage it. Sales locations, as I mentioned. Regional sales territories. This is for tracking the bookings. That's one question of what you mentioned. He said today... You're doing, basically, purchase order, and then you're receiving a ship to drop ship.
No, only because, yeah, that's more like a ship-to-site scenario. And then they wouldn't have any WIP impact if they did that. We do do direct ship as well, if that matters. That would be considered drop ship, and there's no WIP impact. Yeah, we do drop ship as well on small pieces. We have a very robust workflow program with one of our clients. Are you doing e-commerce for that? No. We used to. Okay. Well, no, we won't, because it's all through Coupa.
Okay. So the client uses Coupa, so they're using their e-commerce. We could figure out a connector to Coupa and our system to preload. There's five things they could choose from. Yeah. There's one chair, there's one table, there's one lamp, there's one... So, there's two things you can do there, we've done a lot of this.
One of the easiest things to do is take the sales order email, send it to a specific email account. NetSuite has what's called an email plug-in tool. We take that email, and we can look at it and say, okay, it's a sales order, and these items are already in the catalog, add these items, basically just recreate the sales order in NetSuite so you don't have to manually do it. That's the easiest way. I was just looking at our backlog this morning, and obviously not in terms of dollar amount,
but in terms of the quantity of orders, she's just, it's an avalanche of orders. I don't know how she keeps up. I love it. There's so many. a year? Oh, two to three hours a day. Because right now, we get a notification, we log into Coupa, we create an order in CORD, we go out through ServiceNet and ask for labor, depending on where they are, because it's throughout the whole U.S. and Canada. We wait for the labor quote to come back, we load the labor quote, we issue a PO, we make the sales order, like it's a lot. And then on the back end, Wayne has to do the same thing. She has to upload this invoice.
into Coupa. At some point, if you want to, we can at least do this, we can streamline it. It's a big part of our business, it's a powerful part of our business, so we're not going to stop doing it. But we used to do it all through Shopify, and then the client got sold Coupa, and the next thing we knew, everything was going through Coupa. Okay, gotcha. Well, let us know if you want, it's an option to do that. I'd like to know what the additional cost is.
What's the time it would be for that option? It's probably... 10 to 15 hours. Then we should add it to the amount. Okay, so a solution design for the Coupa. Yeah, so just to be clear, it will create a sales order. You'll have to do the labor court after. Okay, cool. We still need one last time. Yep. How many warehouse locations do you operate? So just roughly how many do you think you consistently receive to third party?
So right now, I think what's preloaded in the core is about 15. 12 to 15. And then we do work nationally, so it just depends on the flavor of the month of where we're going. That's when we do the hyperlink, which for you would be third party. Yep, so we'll plan on 15, and then a 16th will be the third party kind of catch-all. Yeah, and we can continue that. That's what we have now. Great. And then the primary sales tier? Sacramento, San Jose, San Francisco, Illinois, if you ask Illinois.
Okay. And you're never transferring? My question is basically around bookings, right? Or is that anything else? Bookings? Yeah. No, I mean revenue. Okay. I always track for bookings. Yep. And then there's never a scenario where you shipped it to this warehouse and need to transfer it to another? Very rarely. A mistake has happened at that point. Okay. So it would probably be a manual fix. So let's just say for the sake of the transcript, we just need to make sure that there is provision.
for inventory transfers. Okay. Do we want to track like industry? Oh, we're getting to that. Oh, yeah. Vertical market? Yeah. I would absolutely ask because I get requests from marketing all the time. Exactly. Yeah. Vertical markets. Yeah. called a custom segment, and then you can actually pivot your income statement by that as well, and have an income statement by vertical market. One thing that I just, the inventory triggered this in my thought, well it does happen, and.
it's a, you know, mistake is happening, but it occasionally happens, we order sometimes big ones, and not, it's a mistake, duplicate it, so we have to absorb that product in hopes of ultimately selling it to someone, but I feel like right now we don't have a great process in place for like keeping track of that, ordering things, if we have that in the warehouse, you could have just taken that one, you know, that kind of thing, right? Yeah. Is there anything like that built into Orion, where we could track, it would alert somebody,
hey, we already have one of these chairs in the warehouse, take that, and we'll order it. No, we turn the alert off, because the alert is horrible, because it just stops you every single time, but there are reports that we can. give you so you know what's in your warehouse that could be potentially resold. Again, it's rare, but it does happen. Yeah. It's always bugging me, like, there's got to be a better way where we can kind of prompt people to say, don't order this. It already happens. Yeah, there is, definitely, for sure.
Okay, so we talked a little bit about the chart of accounts already, but NetSuite calls it the Agile chart of accounts. So, as I mentioned, dimensioning and segmentation, flatter chart of account structures, dynamic reporting, simplified maintenance. I'm surprised we didn't ask this already, but maybe it's coming up on another slide. Subsidiaries, are you just one subsidiary? Okay. Traditional 200-plus accounts and detailed sub-accounts, get that down. I've actually taken, I had a company that had over 3,000 GL accounts, and we were able.
to take them down to 400, really flattened it out, because they had multiple locations and things like that, so similar. So, we just had that. the opportunity to flatten that. I'm kind of going through these because we already talked about it. And just as we mentioned already, that we considered it. We can't, like, it doesn't, it's not a one-for-one, and I don't think you would want it that way anyways. But, and we will eventually build this out to automate that more.
Of course, the trick is the allocations, you know, so. And to be fair, we don't do any allocations. Okay, okay. So you can do allocations in the system. Can you do it on paper, or? No, I mean, it would be great. To be able to do that. So we should talk about to what degree. There's statistical accounting.
So let's come back to that one. And we can give you some, will you make a note just to get some, the PDF documentation on statistical accounting? Yep. Sorry, I'm just kind of jumping through here. So we can help you get the export out into a close version for Prism. So just be aware of that once everything's in there. And then eventually we can help you get the information out of NetSuite into an Excel file that's close. But our goal is to automate it as much as possible.
I mean, if the report is built to be a very direct integration, direct integration would be great. I just want to do a time check for 12.15. Yep, because we had a break for lunch at noon. But we were going to do a working lunch. Yes, but when I asked about that, it was only Lorraine and I for the working lunch. Oh, okay. Got it. Maybe tomorrow I'll order them lunch. Well, we could stop here if you want. This is actually getting into more details, item setup strategy.
So this is a good place to stop. I ordered for all of them. No, no, no, I mean, what's the timing on it? Is it being delivered? Oh, I'm assuming so. I haven't looked into that. Because we have marketing and lead management. Okay, this is a good place to stop. All right, the three are discussed. Thank you. Thank you, guys. We're all under the advanced financials, by the way.
I believe so. Okay, thank you. Which is part of the addition of financial management. Recess. Stretch. Stretch a little bit. I like these little windows.
Did you do what?
Good so far? Yeah. Good. No, not at all. Well, this is a, all been there's all been perfect yeah we are yeah and as I mentioned like this first these first couple sessions like the kickoff and then this session it's it is just kind of meant to ease everybody into it yeah so we're in good shape.
hello very good where would this go if there's probably one of these right yeah perfect.
Gary, what time do you need the break? I'll take one right after, because I need to respond to a few emails and stuff, if that's all right. Yeah, I'm just going to ask, like, do you need privacy? Yeah, if I do. Yeah, let's just ask. Okay, yeah, yeah. Let me just ask Matt if there's a room that you can use. Hey, Matt, quick question. Gary needs to make a couple of client calls.
Is there a spot that he might be able to? Either of these two rooms in this hallway right here. There should be two phone rooms right in there on your right. Feel free to grab either of those. Also, I know Kip was taking up one of the phone rooms down there. We can kick him out of there. Or probably would be the easiest. for you is if you go all the way down and go all the way over to my office just use my office. Okay. It's the only one with the marble table on it. Okay. I'll try. I'll do this one. Okay. Very good. Thank you.
I don't know if it's somebody's drink or was it capturing something from the drink? It's somebody's drink. i'm like is it catching something how was that uh white paper done yes oh did you send it back to me yeah awesome oh my gosh oh really you're on top of it man what about the color scheme just like.
the formatting like awesome oh no i'm sorry i meant the color scheme for the operation suite that we talked about the green and oh no didn't didn't that to them because i think they're going to deploy i'd like for them to change that before they deploy and if we ever need to do anything like this in our white paper we can like uh yeah.
Yeah, and if you go into the proprio teams, are you in any of those teams channels for the modules? They showed me. Oh, good. Yeah, please, thank you. So, the order for Chris, they didn't have it, so I just like... Yeah, that's fine. I actually kind of want it.
Thank you. Okay. Thank you, Nadine. All right. Thank you. Oh yeah thank you. Do you have a link to it? Can you find it? The operations suite?
Yeah I'm trying to find it too. That's six pages but but that's exactly like you know it rolls up into a.
bazillion travel accounts, a bazillion sales accounts, salaries. Yeah it's gonna be a nice win for you. We got to make sure we get we get everybody else some wins too. I don't know you might have to ask for Christmas or to give it to you. Sorry. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
You were talking about some of my tools. I chat GPT so much, I'm really speed on it. I'm finding that Claude has certain things he's really good at. Gemini has some things he's really good at. So they've all got their niche. Oh, yeah. Well, those two right there match. I use chat GPT quite a bit. Probably not as powerful as it is, but it's saved me a lot of time.
Oh, yeah. The Gemini, the one thing that Gemini can do right now is photo editing. Photo editing. So I took a picture of an office space that had workstations from Hayworth, and then I gave it another picture and said, here are some Herman Miller workstations. Extract these workstations and put these. workstations and the picture has to look exactly the same and it did it now.
up into this point I've been able to do like here's a chair change the fabric to this fabrics watch and do that it's been able to do that well but workstations it's never done that well and so yeah Gemini did it really well better than chat GPT at this point so from a sales perspective I don't know like I don't know when that sets become really useful for you guys because I know a lot of times you have to get designers involved but early on in the process is it sometimes useful to be able to say here's a picture of my clients or.
prospects office space let's recreate this picture using workstations okay. the finishes. So we're putting a much heavier hand in coming up with the concepts and doing vignettes and like.
stuff that you would see from a traditional design firm and maybe a smaller market. In our market we do all of that work and then present it to the design firm. So some of the ways that we design, we have done it for like changing finishes on stuff if we want to show something different or sometimes we ask for a setting to put the vignette into. But I would say our creative designers and our account managers have played with it more than 100%. For me, I've just always had this thing of like I'll take on anything.
technology-wise because if they really want something from you they probably already have it. It's like my uncle whispering around the Google Hub when he was talking I'm like they already know everything about you. I don't know why you're trying to hide something. Very nice.
Yeah I don't know why I was so late in rolling that out. I think honestly I got distracted with something else and forgot that we never did. Oh yeah I have my own chat gb team just to do annual reviews. Yeah but you know having that talk to core right now there's no way. I couldn't even imagine what that could do, or how to make that do something for you. So the latest thing I've been using that's really kind of unlocked efficiency.
is a product called WhisperFlow, and it's an AI speech-to-text tool. So normal speech-to-text drives me insane, just because it doesn't do a good job, and it doesn't understand context, because it's not using... There's no logic. Yeah. So this one, though, is keeping track of context in the conversation, and it's near-perfect in... Well, what did you say, near-perfect?
It's close. It's pretty close. Near-perfect. Punctuation is a big deal. Punctuation is really good. If you're talking and you list out a number of things, it'll put it in a bulleted list or a numbered list. So a good example... It does make you wildly more efficient. So I... I remember when we created, well, what was the white paper I just gave you? Oh, that's the security paper I gave you. So I created a white paper. It's probably like a three page paper on our security practices and data privacy.
And it probably took me four hours to write it and then put it into a PDF and format and everything, right? I wanted to have a white paper to give you guys today on revenue and cost recognition. So I got up this morning, I used WhisperFlow, maybe spent 20 minutes talking to the AI, created the document. Is it talking back to you or is it listening?
It's just listening, but then it types back to me, yeah. And then I gave the document to Chris and he formatted it and we probably did the whole thing in an hour. So the ability to be that much more efficient is just. Yeah. It's wild now. When we get bids, they'll be like, oh, do you have a policy on this? And we're like, sure. Hey, can you? Yeah, it was funny because you sent me the same text. I did. And then the write-over, I have GPT-5 on my phone.
I said, put it in a Word document. It changed no content. It's structured. And I was doing it in the Uber write-over. And it was amazing, wasn't it, how quick that was? My proudest moment ever was I wrote some complicated policy, had somebody approve it, and they're like, okay, here's what we're going to do. And I'm like, what does that mean? So I said, rewrite this at a 12th grade reading level. And I'm just like, yeah. But if we can figure out, I know we spent an absorbent amount of time as a company looking.
for things. So we could figure out a way to incorporate AI to find things, versus I don't know. If you saw our folder structure, you'd probably throw up, because it might take you 15 clicks before you even get to the right place to look for what you're looking for. Part of why we moved, well, one of the things that we really like about Drive compared to Boxes, Boxes' search tool was so awful, like it could not narrow down to save its life. You'd type in a word, and it would bring you everything about what you were looking for.
So that's been helpful with Drive. Last week, our AI group shared some work they were doing with integrating the NetSuite to pull dashboards, and not only was it the dashboard creation, it was also like Marcus was saying, what are the top three or four things that are impacting projected gross margin on this? And, I mean, it gave you more than just information. It actually gave you actionable things that would take you a little bit to, you could.
probably find it, you know, if you're used to what you're looking at. But it already gave you two good recommendations of where to go look for your margin. Could it look at a full company level for trends and you could ask it about trends? I would assume it could. I mean, this was just to share with us what some of the work they were doing, but what they were doing was pretty nice. Wow. Yeah, it's going to, it's dramatic. It's already changing things, but it's going to dramatically change.
ERP, business. Are you going to be showing these as an extra model? I don't have it. We'd have to get a demo from NetSuite actually on that. But if that's something you want, we can schedule it. Which one? Planning and budgeting. I think Sean actually said he had somebody he had reached out to.
Is there anything from this morning with everybody that stood out to you or did you kind of figure out who the characters in the room were already? Everything is very, don't take offense to this, it's all very typical. Yep. I would rather hear that. Yep, yep.
There was less fretting. We've been warning them for a while. Good. So, yeah, I think. The lobster pot slowly turned up. We need him low right now. Yeah, I think they were more curious than they were worried, which is good. Curious is good.
There are people that have roles that fall within traditional brackets, but what they actually do in that bracket isn't. When we move to marketing, the people that are actually in marketing, I think will have very little input because they're not. Marketing is mostly RFP responses, some random identity, but we don't have a recurrent newsletter that happens.
or market outreach that's happening. I would like to get there, but that's something we do right now. We actually have one of the largest marketing departments I know of in Houston, but it's solely response, like winning business and responding to RFPs. There's nine of them. Oh, wow, okay. Okay, so you guys do a lot of RFPs. A lot of RFPs. Are you using AI with RFPs? Mostly for content. Yeah, mostly for content.
We're doing some visuals. Okay. So I went through an exercise with a dealer recently leveraging AI. So I do an AI boot camp. Oh, nice. And we walked through the process of answering an RFP, and creating a project in ChatGPT specifically to house information that can be repurposed for content to answer an RFP. One of the cool things, though, that we did was, was with this one particular RFP, they were able to extract all of the executives.
or the C-suite people from the company from the email that they got. So they were like, we're able to see who our competitors are. We're able to see who the company is. We get all that information when they send us the email because everybody's email address is on there. So they know who they're competing against. I was like, oh my gosh, that's a treasure trove of information. So what we did is we went out to LinkedIn, downloaded their profiles, added them to the project, the decision makers' profiles, and then used ChatGPT to run a personality profile.
on each one of them. So they like to use disk, so we used disk. And then we said, all right, let's compile a list of power words to use for all these personalities. And then let's rewrite the RFP, knowing that this is the audience, knowing their personalities. So it took the boilerplate information and restructured the content to make it a little bit more personalized. I thought that was a good use of it.
And Chris and I have done that, because we're doing sales as well, right? So as we're engaging the company, we need to understand. and who we're working with. We will, we'll go to LinkedIn, we'll get the profile so we can analyze that and kind of understand. It really kind of comes down to like, what's the communication style that's gonna be most impactful with this person? What's important to them? And then leveraging that information in content creation so it's impactful.
So I think there's a lot of room for that in sales. And we've, you know, the sales tool that we built out in Orion with the Kanban boards, we want to embed AI into that. So you can do exactly that right inside of the Kanban with the opportunities. Gather all that information, create content right from there. As someone who has sat on a lot of sales calls, especially with like Bay Area tech pros.
who are in tech sales, and then they make assumptions instead of actually knowing. I, Lorraine, I think, has witnessed it at least once, where I just immediately go, this isn't working for me. So either I need you to change your approach, or I'm going to get out of this on call now. And it's like the look of horror on their face, where I'm like, I'm giving you the warning that, like, I could just be quiet and never talk to you again, or I could give you the opportunity to try something. Yeah, a one-size-fits-all mentality does not usually ever work.
And like I was saying earlier, I mean, tailoring is part of what we do. Some people here tailor way more than they need to. Sometimes tailoring is not tailoring so much. And then as you're trying to figure out exactly...