That's what it does all that automatically yep so they have tax exemption certificate management built into the system and then every you once you load that in there for the customer whenever you start another quote that's going to be tax exempt so and then yeah you had the effective or the effective date so then you have something in the system we can have a dashboard basically that says show me all the ones that are coming due in the next whatever you want.
any other type of compliance that we should consider for customers yeah so, we'll talk more about that in financial management but just to kind of touch on it right now you have options either with sweet tax or Avalara, So we'll do SweetTax.
Yep. So then there's just a process of getting those texts. What number is it? Well, the nexuses will automatically be created. But there is this kind of setup for all 48 of the states that you guys are registered in. And then the system keeps track of that and does all the calculation for you automatically. Then you get a beautiful report. So we've got something we're dealing with right now. This is why me and Maria are like. And that is, we've got a vendor that is taxing to the warehouse we're shipping to.
As opposed to Pyle. As an agent. Because it's a direct bill. And so the quotes that we're doing currently are coming out incorrect to the client. Oh, yeah. Because we're based on their. And we just need to be able to put in the right thing and tell it, tax to the warehouse and don't tax to the end. So on government orders with Miller Knoll, the client has the option to pay Miller Knoll directly. Yep. But we have to issue the proposal.
Yep. Miller Knoll insists, because you know they're the experts on selling to clients, not the hundreds of dealers that do this every day, they are to tax to where it is being shipped to, not its final destination. Every tax person we've ever talked to in the entire 80 years of our existence in business, we have taxed to final destination. Miller Knoll refuses to change their process. So right now we have to change the ship to, in core, to the warehouse. Yep. To get the tax to match.
And then you get the tax number, change the address, and do a tax override. That's what we're going to end up having to do. Yeah. We haven't quite finished it. We haven't. But that's where it's... Usually the warehouse... Walking to. No matter what, it's always the warehouse's tax percentage is higher. It's never lower. Oh yeah. So then the government's pissed off at us about that. We're like, we have no control over anything. Yeah, that's a tough one, because... You've adopted the Amazon way. Yeah, yeah. Taxes, yeah, that's a tough one. I don't know if...
You have the ability to do a tax override. Okay. So there is a workaround for it, but it's not elegant. It's a pain in the butt. But at least there's a workaround. Yeah. We deal with direct bill business, but... At least we have the option of it overriding. So you do very little direct bill? Yeah. How much... Comparatively, it's a million or less a year. Really? Yeah, we're 100 million, so 1% of it. Do you do... It's the financial management, but do you gross up on the direct bill?
Okay. Yes, we gross up, because that's how we get paid our commission. We give them the full sales amount, and Noel kicks us back our percentage. Okay, okay, okay. Two more things under customer management. Finance charge we mentioned, but right now it's just you kind of put it out there. It's a deterrent, threat type of thing. You don't have a need for actually doing that. But is it an off-and-on switch kind of thing? It is, but it's global. So it's kind of like it's a yes or no.
And those finance charges will show up on statements and on invoices. If you generate an invoice that was 90 days old, it's not going to add a line to finance charges on that. I mean, it's there to calculate because it's... Yeah, it would automatically get added to the invoice, yeah. I would imagine if we were actually going to do it, we would just add a new line to that order for whatever the percentage is and reissue the invoice. Yeah, and you can do that. Like Lorraine said, I've been here for 13 years. We've never won.
Yeah, most dealers want to threaten. They don't actually follow through, which I get it because you want to keep your customers happy, too. We've had one... Jenny, I don't know if we're going to... What about storage fees? Do you charge storage fees after 30 days?
Right. The warehouse. The warehouse. Some warehouses give us 90, some give us 60, some give us 30. So how does that affect your project GP? We bill it back. Okay, so you add a line to an existing sales order for the cost and then add a line for the sale? But again, it's situational. Sometimes depending on the client and why we're incurring storage charges, it could be something that's powerful.
It would absorb it and it would be a cost-only line. Yeah. customer accommodation something but if it's something there's a construction delay that's not our fault right and what about how does that affect Commission always okay so just real quick since we're talking about it but on the project do you have the concept of GP and commissionable GP you can commission individual lines can be.
marked as commission vote or not so I mean the overall order is there on the header there's who's getting this mission or they getting a hundred percenters it's split and then at the line level you can say salespeople can't yeah so you see guys so there is a there is a concept of commissionable GP because that's how you're calculating Commission but is everybody just primarily looking at the project GP.
so you see guys so there is a there is a concept of commissionable GP because that's how you're calculating commission but is everybody just primarily looking at the project GP like the actual GP, No, for commission. Outside of calculating the commission. Outside of calculating the commission, then yes, we're looking at Project GP. Okay, cool. So storage fees is a thing, and the way that you'll handle that right now is just by adding lines to the existing orders. Okay, you could, just so you know, you could, if it's cleaner for you, you could create another sales order, a related sales order, and it's part of the project, and it would be standalone, if that's any cleaner rather than going back to the... We do that sometimes, yeah.
Okay, okay. And they do mark it up. And we do mark it up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, that makes sense. All right, moving on to quote management. The typical process here is the quotes are created from opportunities, so everything kind of flows in line here. So now if you don't have an opportunity, you jump right to quote, that's fine. Do you ever bypass quote and go right to sales order? We don't use quote. Proposal, sorry.
Proposal and sales order mean the same thing to us. Oh. What's the sales order? The sales order is the number that gets issued when you quote. Oh, right, right, because in core, it's the same transaction. The status just changes. We don't use the quote tool in core because we don't use core CRM. So right now, it goes from, there is no quote phase. Like, quote phase for us is basically we did a ROM before we ever got to a proposal. Got it. Okay. So in NetSuite, it'll be different. You'll have the opportunity transaction.
You'll have the quote transaction. Then you'll have a sales order transaction. Okay, what is an opportunity transaction? It's the CRM transaction just for tracking opportunities in pipeline. So that's the manual entry of the gross amount, the whole forecasted amount. Yep, yep, yep. So right now, Kimmy, Jenny, does that make sense what we're saying? Basically, go ahead. I was going to say, it's two separate systems now. and it'll be all under one place. So we're entering the opportunity in NetSuite.
and then there must be some function to change that status, right? Is that what you're saying? So then it's going to close one. You close one? No, you don't close, like right now we close one of them. Right, but in NetSuite it'll just change the status of that opportunity from an opportunity to a quote. But it is two unique records. It like creates the second record. Yeah. So basically you're gonna say from this opportunity, create a quote. Yeah. And it'll automatically be linked. Yeah. And it takes all the information.
Right. Yeah. So, and then. It didn't work right. Those eight awful months we were on core CRM, yes. So then a couple other things to consider here as we're kind of walking through this. The order, the numbers of those transactions, and I just have to tell you, everybody coming off team design and core struggles with this. But I just want to assure you, this is gonna be okay. Hold your hand. Those transaction numbers are totally different. Now you... Maybe if we estimated a million dollars.
in the opportunity but it really was $800,000 in the quote, is that what you're saying? No, the transaction number, like the document number. Oh, so quote is one... So if you... It's quote number, proposal number... Your opportunity number will be different than your sales order. Yep. And the quote will be different than the sales order. But there's probably a high-quality proposal. Yes. There's a lot of... It tells what a sales order is versus an order number. Yeah. Okay, so yeah,
it's a different transaction. So you will have... Primarily, you typically have one opportunity. You could have multiple quotes. And then from one of those quotes, you're going to say, this is the one I want to book. And when you book it or you hit... You convert it to a sales order. But in the system, you still have that quote that exists and the sales order is a separate transaction. All the information passes over, but they're separate. The link is, you're saying, oh my gosh, sales order is really our order, and then quote is.
really, it's a quote from a, or. Yeah. Or proposal, what do you do? It's another one, it sounds like a third one now. The opportunity. Yeah. Which is your, which is what you guys have in Zendesk. Opportunity, proposal. Which is no number, so we don't even care about that number. Yeah. The only number we care, there's only two numbers we care about right now. The project number. Yep. And the sales order number. And for us, the sales order number is the order that the quote, when you're rolling a quote number. Yep. But you didn't even say project number and all of that. So, but there is a project number and a project name.
Yeah. So there's a couple, and that project name and number shows up on all the transactions. So you do have more transactions here, and there is some benefit to that, because now you can compare the sales order to the quote if the sales order ever changes. So you do have some, a little bit better audit tracking there. But, again, that project number and name stays consistent across all the transaction stream. So it's very simple. Don't worry about the numbers. Extremely easy.
And typically what we do is we work with you to come up with a naming convention, but each one of those transactions can have a prefix or a suffix. And we like to prefix them. So, like, opportunity, we usually prefix with OP and maybe start you at 1001. Quote or proposal, sorry, we could do. Yeah. Well, the only trick is the project. So let's just stick for quote just for the sake of this conversation. But it's QU and maybe it's five digits or six digits. Like you can have different sequences just to help differentiate as you're going. But in talking with team design users and core users, the question is, well, I've memorized that number. So I can just throw it into the global search and find it. Well, that's fine.
If you can just memorize the project instead, you throw that in the global search, you'll get all the potential transactions that you could ever want or the customer name or the phone number. Like there's so many ways to search inside NetSuite, which is good and bad. It's definitely going to be adjustment for us because right now, when we reach out to a PC with a request, we're putting the order number specific that we're speaking to in that subject line. And if you go look at project and you're going to have to be very clearly labeled what each of those quote or order numbers are.
Names. Yep. But, it is what it is, so we'll learn how to work with it. And there is also like a whole recent transaction, like a little dialogue box too, so it's got your most recent whatever it is, 10 or 15 things you've been working on. Yeah. You personally and when you log into it. Yeah. But, Jenny, Kimmy, we should make a note of order name convention. So, question for you, it's the opportunity, it's got a different number, you start doing.
quotes, it gets... When it goes from a quote or proposal into an order, does it get another different number? Yes. Same thing with purchase order. Different number with purchase order. Well, the purchase order is fine because we're used, well, kind of, sort of used to that. I don't think they're used to it because we're used to it. Because we, ours are the order number and then a separate PO number for each vendor, so at least you've got... I could tell you this is like the one thing during discovery that people get tripped up on.
And then it's like also the one thing that when you get into actual using the system, it's like, oh, that wasn't a big deal. One thing we have to remember with Orion and with NextSuite is that information is going to be presented to us differently than it is in Core and be easier to read and find and understand. So, we rely a lot on that information right now because Core is impossible to find something without that data. So, okay, this is going to be one of the things we talked about in the kickoff where Kleenex may be required, but we should be able to wipe our tears pretty quickly.
All these records are linked, and there will be a hyperlink so that it will take you back where you can go forward and just track. And you're always one click away from the project record, and the first view of the project record is all the transactions that are associated with the projects. You're always one click away from the project record, and the first view of the project record is all the transactions that are associated with the projects. So, you can, within two clicks, yeah, yeah. So you can find everything really quick. On the client side, if we have a project that we're doing multiple orders off of that project, how would their POs reference each of the proposals?
How would the customer PO number reference each of the proposals? Is that what you're asking? Yeah. So, like, right now, for example, like, my client would reference our order number associated with that proposal. Oh, I see. And if it's changing, then their PO that they have cut is not going to be the same when they get their invoice and that kind of stuff. Right. Yeah. So we reference the customer PO number across all the transactions.
So, like, you document it on the proposal record or the quote record, and then that shows up on the invoice as well. So their customer PO number. show up anywhere you want if that's what if i'm understanding your question correctly i think the question is okay then jenny correct me if i'm wrong but i think where you're going is right, now we issue a proposal that has the order number on it they give us a po we have a customer po field on our proposal yep that gets entered they've marked that order number on their po.
to backlink yep so that when we invoice they're cross-referencing that invoice not only on their po but also the order number from the original book and now it's going to be different and now it's going to be different well we but we have access to that number as well but we'll just put that on the invoice too so here's your invoice number invoice template to go from there yeah, yeah okay yep is that what you were asking exactly thank you that that makes sense yeah because on our invoices currently there's a little table in the top right corner in terms you know multitude.
And we can just add a quote or a proposal to the data. Yep. And since we're in order management, this is a good time to say this. Any of the templates that you have for printing out proposals, invoices, or anything, we want those. So we can recreate those for you inside the system. It's changing. Mm-hmm. I'm happy with it. I don't know. I redesigned all of them five years ago. Are you saying there's a problem?
I don't have a problem. You're a brave man. No, if there is, if there's, I mean, I don't know. No one has said anything to me about anything on this proposal. So if there's anything we need to change, it's fine. We got rid of the core beige envelope. So we have an action item to KIPP for those documents. And you probably have a number of them. We do. Yep. And that does kind of like, if I'm getting ahead of us, stop me. How, every. tiny, minute change that we want to make on our templates right now.
We want to change verbiage on the footer of our invoice. I have to go to Core and they have billable hours for that. That's insane. Yeah, no, you can do it yourself. Are these templates things that we can own and manage ourselves? Yes, sir. With that, though, I do want to make sure that we have a communication record of the change and why we're changing it and the version history and lock it down. And one thing that I did think about that we never touch, we only touch customer facing, we never touch vendor facing. I would like to reevaluate the design of vendor facing.
Yeah, we need those, too. Yep. All right. So that's quote creation, numbering. Can I just say that for a minute? I mean, I know this is not my work. Just within this room as we're talking about, there's still a lot of confusion around is it a quote, is it a proposal, is it a sales order? Sorry. And you keep talking about kind of the numbering. system and PRO and so it's like can we just make sure we're happy and not not.
the opportunity to change it to quote so that we have very distinct different names for this stuff again we're all we get confused we have the opportunity mm-hmm quote sorry I'm sorry my screen says quote to that's why well yep sales, sales order so we did we do that one like for prefixes we do OP we can do we can do PR OP for a proposal well we yeah I'm gonna yeah we can add a P prop okay.
we can do that you don't have to have a prefix. got it, you, keep one thing the same. I like it. Decision made. And then we can do O, Q, S, O. DPO for draft purchase order, VPO for vendor purchase order. Okay. INV for invoice. Good. Okay. One more thing about.
opportunities in quotes. So when you're doing pipeline forecasting, we recommend that you do it from the opportunity. You can do it from quotes, but if you imagine I have one opportunity and I generated three quotes and now all three quotes are part of my pipeline forecasting, you're over forecasting. So we'll just set you up to do opportunity pipeline forecasting. However, if you have three quotes, those probably have three different amounts and the opportunity doesn't know which amount it should be looking at. So if you.
want that forecast to be super accurate somebody's gonna have to manage which quote should I should go back to the opportunity and update the amount of the opportunity if you want to get that got it okay it is born to manage just depends on how accurate needed to be yep smart table functionality so we showed a picture of it but that's that table we have 60 columns in there that comes in.
from the SIF import tool and then we had the quick views on there but just so you know I just have it on my list just kind of talk about this but you have the ability to do those custom groups when you talk to me about how you guys plan for your purchase orders right now. shift to location and then if it's needed it can go into a shift date so.
like asking for whips right today instead of three months from now but that's all very that's a manual process it is manual on our PC we have to go find the whips put those line numbers in and say issue a PO for these lines okay so there's sometimes like where we have to shift things ahead of the rest of the process or it could even drop down to floor two or it might be the same vendor but if they're doing two different things like you might need COM's to go.
to different locations and I would add that if Wendy were in the room she would say that this was a conversation at a project level where you would our PO ordering strategies would for a big project would be part of our install strategy so maybe it's by floor or by area. Yeah, but definitely split. Sometimes that's more around, sometimes when it's about PO, but oftentimes when it's about how we set up the orders themselves.
Yes. We might have one order by floor, one order by hall chairs. Or you can do a single order, but it's about how the POs are split. Yeah. And then I think the other thing on the Herman Miller and Knoll side is, if you have specials or customs, like you should be splitting out those specials and customs from the standard product. Especially on Miller. So that you don't delay acknowledging your standard lead time things and risk everything coming later.
So here's a question for you. This is something that we've had issues before. Tiered pricing. And we have multiple, let's say you've got one project, they broke it out by floors, but we have tiered pricing. You have to order it all together, even though it's on different orders in our system. How do we work with that? This is a Miller phenomenon in normal. Yeah, it happens in normal, too. So now I find tiered pricing. You're saying it's based on the overall volume of it.
Correct. When you hit this threshold, this is your discount. We get a deeper discount. No one would just let us show that it was all going to be placed at one time back in the day. They didn't care. Now Miller's like, the system just rejects it if it's not the, or it reassigns the discount to lower. So if we buy zero to one million of a list of one, we get this discount. One million and one to two and a half million, we get this discount. And it's all automated. So if we put in the wrong discount, their system auto-calculates it and adjusts the discount up or down.
And they look at that at the PO level, not the project level. They look at it at the PO level. And it is a nightmare to get them to put these different POs together and give us a deeper discount. In fact, Herman.
So, let's assume for a moment we do keep it on just one purchase order, so you get the discount. What else would you need to make sure? Sorry, let me phrase this correctly. Instead of splitting the order, you put it on one purchase order. What's the consequence of doing that? Not splitting. We have cost out, or we've got sell out here on a different sales order and cost on this sales order. And if you're looking at just sales order, your GPs are all.
screwed up. Or we book it in different months. Yeah. On a Friday, they'll book all the costs, and then it takes your whole month. Oh, jeez. And then on Monday, the next month, the sale comes in. Or, even better, they book all the sales, and then they're like, oh, crap, I forgot to book the tier. So on the tier pricing, though, is that, so maybe I'm misunderstanding tier pricing. So you're not talking about one large order. You're talking about, like, you reached a certain threshold in this calendar year?
No, it's one, it's by client. Oh, okay. It's a contract, discount contract by client. And they have tiered based off the volume of that order. Oh, okay, so it's not the volume of the order. We split orders to get them to ship the way we want them to ship. Or the client is asking us to do it. Or the client asks us to do it. Orders, because they've got different cost centers. Yeah. And so they're asking for, you know, floors. So then when we break it apart. Yeah, you're losing the contract. It's not smart enough to realize, to look at a project number.
They only look at. Even if you give it the same contract number? Yeah. That makes it just. they'll just reject it yeah let's um so yeah so I don't yeah I'm gonna we're gonna talk to Dustin about this Dustin at Miller and all about this we just make a note to follow up with him on tier pricing.
for a project and then dealers would place every single other client order. By the way this isn't just Miller Knoll, there's other manufacturers and.
dealers that have the same challenge. So we'll talk to Dustin about this. Because if they know that your project numbers are unique to that project, then they should just accept that project number along with the contract number or something. So we'll talk to Dustin about that. Alright, BOM import tool.
Yeah, we're going to need more time on this session. Well, we have this session number two after this, but BOM import tool. We kind of already went over that. Any questions on that? You can also do XML import. Do you have a need to do any XML import for anything? Yeah, that would be nice to have. What do we do XML import for? All acknowledgements? No, sometimes we will build out a spec in Excel based off of what we need to do, and then export it as XML and be able to upload it. It's very rare, but we have used that feature. Somebody internally or vendor, manufacturers are doing it?
Internally. We have a whole Excel template to do it. Can somebody get us the template so we can make sure that we have the schema? Sure. And we'll build that out, make sure that we support that for you. Vendors will send us XMLs too. Oh, well, and I do. As quotes. Yeah, Jack will send an XML if we're doing accessories with him. Exactly. So it would be nice to be able to bring that in. Who will own that for us? Oh, Matt does. Matt, action item to Matt for that. Yeah, so what we do, no matter what the format is coming in, we convert everything to JSON.
So we just need to know, we just need to be able to get an example and we'll write the, conversion for it. In core, when you're loading in your SIFs, there's that one pop-up that asks to concatenate the SIFs, or the tags rather, and then sometimes if you don't know what your tagging situation is or it will put them, or not put them where you think they belong in core, do all of the SIF columns that are aliases, tags, all that stuff, they all end.
up in SLE in their own maps and there's no having to tell it what to do. No, we haven't, yeah, I haven't heard that about core yet, but no, we don't have anything like that. It's like where it automatically says tag one or tag two, or tag three, or tag four, like don't use tag one or deck two it's very confusing it is confusing so the shift file has more fields than core will accept so it's core is just going we're going to combine these correct yes but like depending on how the spec was done like they.
might use one tag for the floor and then another tag for the actual room or the actual like chair tag yeah it just all comes over it sometimes does if you i'm saying ours oh okay yeah and then um just one other feature to make you aware of um in the smart table you can change the option codes so you hit the pop-up you get the window it shows you the part number the option code the option description but there's no validation on that so whoever if somebody does do that they have to be.
really careful so at what point is the quote tool engaged in this upload is it before is it after, oh the miller noel quote tool yeah it's at the quote level their proposal level so yeah you you, You run it there and it does the price validation. And then you have that same, that vendor response utility that we showed you, you have the same thing on the quote. Proposal. Did you get it? So then you can accept the pricing or you can create an issue, same type of deal.
On that, some of us old timers use Core to write our specs. All the catalogs are in there. Can I build a spec in that suite? Not yet, yeah. Come into Deloitte 21st century. Yeah, we met with Configura and talked about building an integration. They actually said that it would be easier to integrate with CET than Project Spec.
Because right now in Core, all the catalogs are there, so I can go search a part number and then I can pick all the options and then we'll just have it. Yeah. Yeah, we're not there yet. But that's for a very limited set of vendors, correct? I mean, how many vendors? Anybody that has CAP catalogs is in CORD. Yeah, they're all in CORD. How did CORD get CAP distance and this every month? Remember those CDs? Oh, I remember that. Eightfold. Yeah, that was it.
They're probably paying for it. So then how are you guys going to spec? It's all going to have to go through design now. Well, no, I don't have worksheets. All of my company has one that has worksheets. What do you guys call it? Project spec? Project spec, yeah. I refuse to learn project spec to a race of CAP worksheets. CAP is better. So this is a software. Oh, okay. Hey, one less reason for the PCs to be.
Well, it is going to create an issue because there's a lot of one-offs that we do. And we won't be able to fix things either. So if you know that, yeah, you can, you just, it doesn't validate. Yeah, see, that's the thing. Right now, CIFs will come, and CORE doesn't look at it, right? It just says, ah, here's a CIF. And if you put the finish before paint, and it's supposed to be the other way, we can go in and take what we have and put it in the right place, because it's validating against it.
So if I'm understanding, no matter what, if it's one chair, there, you've got your starting point as projects back then. It has to be. Well, you could manually enter it all in. Well, one of the model numbers, like 900 characters long, you know what I mean, because you've got that. Well, I think if I went out and got a quote, I could copy and paste all that information in. But I can't just go pull a gen chair like I do now. Basically what happens is everybody's buddy that wants something for their home usually comes to me. Oh, I got you.
But it's faster for me to just write a proposal than send an email and ask for it. So that's the only time I'm ever doing anything, or when I'm ordering stuff for showrooms. But that's a me problem. We spent way too much time already. Ours is fixing them. Yeah. Quote approval workflows and authorization levels, we mentioned that. That's our feature for order approval rules. So just something to be thinking about. What we'll do is we'll build into the BRD that will build out up to 10 approval rules.
Which should cover you for quotes and sales orders. But just thinking about what you might want those to be. Yeah, we know what they are. What's that? We know what they are. You know what they are? Okay. They're the same as what they are today. Okay. Who can give us a list of that? Shanna, do you want to put that together? That would be... We're talking signed C's and C's. We're talking under $25,000 comes with or without approval. Over $25,000 goes to Shanna. The deposit comes to me. It's all a flow chart, yeah.
Yeah, cool. So actually, I had Shannon to get that to us. Just to note, alternative billing options, so third-party billing, direct business, intermarket. I kind of already asked you the question about the direct business. Do you gross up? And you do, which is fine, as long as your auditors are fine with it. And then anything we should know specifically about intermarket?
Do you guys do anything unique, inbound, outbound? We do way too much of it. You do a lot of it, huh? We get hit up a lot from other dealers. Well, we do a ton of outbound. Shannon does intermarket on all of Intuit's work from home. There's thousands of transactions. Okay. Literally. Yeah. Okay. We do it all through service time. Okay. So there's nothing special about it.
The biggest pain they ask is setting up that dealer if we haven't done it with them before, setting them up as a vendor or setting them up as a customer. So how much inbound do you do versus outbound? Inbound, on average, we have, I don't know, like 40 a year. Okay. Outbound. Which is about 39 more than we're used to. Okay. Outbound, literally, like he says, it's hundreds. Hundreds. Outbound.
Oh, no. I'm probably doing 100 a month, if not more. Yeah, it's at least 20 or 30 a week. At least. Wow. I average probably about 8 to 10 a day. Did you talk about Miller linking ServiceNet into Orion at some point? Yes. Yep. Absolutely. I also wanted to talk, I don't know if this is the appropriate time to do it, but all of those are...
Yep, that's a pretty simple solution. As long as the emails have order information that's pretty consistent, it's pretty easy to do. So when you get notified from Coupa in your email, does it give you the order, like what they want? Oh yeah. Where it's going? You don't have to log into Coupa? No, I have to log into Coupa to do it, but it does send me an email. It's all in the email. But the info's in the email. In a PDF. I don't do it through the email. Sure. I do it through Coupa. Can you give us an example of the email? Absolutely. It's called Coupa.
It's basically a procurement management tool, yeah. And it would also help when going backwards the other direction, too, that the invoice would go, because she's doing it manually right now, too. That's what I was going to talk about later today as well, our e-portals. Okay. Lorraine, for your direct business, do you track that separately on the GL?
Nice. We do have an order type that we call a direct bill, so I could follow a report at any given moment to see how much business we're doing as a direct bill, but it hits the financials just as... In your normal income and COGS. Okay, so for the sake of the transcript, we don't have to do DB items, which is nice. And, well, intermarket, direct business, your list of order types would be great.
Did I already ask for that? I don't think I did, did I? I don't think you did. Yeah. And that's when I just make sure, though, that there is a field that's still populating because we have a lot of good downloads. Yeah. Oh, yeah. For sure. Do we have an Intuit work from home order type? Yes. Okay. Because I want to keep that. Yeah. I think it's just... It's e-commerce. I don't really want to change that. I don't like that. We can change it to whatever you want to call it. I just want to be able to look at that information separate from Intuit. Yeah, that's the only thing that that's being used for right now.
So we can call it whatever you want to call it. In fact, I think the client account is still using it. Is it Shopify? Yeah, it's actually still under the old Shopify. Do you want to set something up for it? That depends on whether they... Well, we'll probably be done with TurboTax until next year. TurboTax is always the same thing. Really, the purpose in Orion of the order type is just informational for reporting, but it does, in some cases, drive business process.
So there's some automation that's built off of it, and we can build more automation off of it, too. Yeah, so this one would be an automated... Well, right now, our order types also sometimes will automatically import lines. So if you choose order with dealer services, yeah oh yeah so the forming lines or the like the default order is what it's called yeah so you do have that concept of default orders okay yeah yeah so we.
okay cloning transactions and and formula lines so we do have some how. much government orders to you 20% of your business 20% okay good good we.
already talked to quote PDF generation customization we're going to give you templates you're going to you're going to get this yours so we can recreate them client quote approval we're not going to be using, Quote deposit process. Okay, so because our transactions are separate, op, proposal, sales order, purchase order, NetSuite by default allows you to accept a customer deposit against an order or a sales order, not a quote. So we built a customization that allows you to accept it against the quote.
Then when you generate the sales order, it gets applied to the sales order. When you generate the invoice, it automatically gets applied to the invoice. So it's pretty simple. It's a pretty simple customization, actually. It doesn't, it's, Lorraine, it's logged as a customer deposit. It's a liability, and then automatically gets applied to the invoice. Yep, and then just to reiterate, too, the pro forma invoice is not an actual revenue-recognizing transaction. It's a deposit. Cool.
Do you have the need, this is where I open up the door to potential work for me, do you have the need to, track the value of the customer PO throughout the life cycle of the project? Yes. Okay. Yeah, we get blanket POs frequently. And we don't really have a way currently to know when we're, you know, getting close to exhausting a PO. Yeah. And then you go over and then they're like, we can't pay this, and it slows things. So it would be nice. So my proposal would be to put it on the project record, and then you have all your.
KPI information that's being aggregated there that you can view that, and we can do a comparison. Here's my version of the KPI. If they're at the project level and they issue multiple POs, can you put in multiple POs? Somebody would just have to manually do all that. Well, so typically, well, no. Hold on a second. Yes. Because we're going to have multiple orders, right? And they might issue a new PO for each order. But if you're saying we're going to put that amount at the top level, or is it only going to be on blanket POs that we...
So we can aggregate it as long as there's a proposal. that has the customer PO number and then the sales order that results from that. I guess even the question is, where do you put the value? Like I can track the customer PO number, but where is the value of that customer PO being tracked? Let's say you get a PO and you put in that PO number at the order level with the PO amount and then you have multiple of those. Yeah, I guess you're right.
Because then you run the risk of somebody saying, well, it's the same PO number and then it's for this amount. Then it's going to be too much. Yeah. So we can easily get built, but I can think of two or three different ways that we could do this, but somebody has to manage it. It won't just happen on its own. You can. Yeah, you can. So somebody will be willing to do that? Yeah.
And then what about change orders? Do you get a new PO number? They'd love to issue more of them. Do you get PO numbers for each change order? Depends on the client. So then how would that math work? Because if I'm saying my total value for this project based on my customer PO numbers is a million, but now I've got these change orders, that's going to make it look like I've gone over.
Unless we just have a rule that says change orders are not factored into the calculation. Maybe that's going to make the type. Yeah, that could make, yeah. Oh, all of it's so messy, I don't like any of it. So we can have another session where we think through it. I just want you to know, like, we have tools, and it's pretty easy to do. The hardest part is the thought work. Am I wrong? Do we, don't clients often issue a different PO for different orders if it's on a big project? Sometimes they do, or sometimes the actual project... for the client to get signature and PO is so difficult,
they'd rather add money to their existing PO, than get a new one. Got it, okay. And that's something we just talked about that our bank has asked us and we've never really been able to give them is this total project, what POs are against them, and what's an open balance. What open POs we have for clients, they build what we build against those POs. When you get the customer PO, when you get the customer PO information, what do they give you? Do they give you an actual document or is it just the number and the value?
They generally give us the document. The document. Well, I should say, I believe that's what happens. Most of the time what I get is a PR number asking me about a release in order because the PO's in process. But they generally follow up. So we've had this conversation with a number of dealers, and everybody just, we kind of dance around it. Like I'm always like, hey, we can solve this. Because it seems like it's somewhat problematic, but it doesn't seem like anybody's quite ready.
to solve it. But if you guys are ready to solve it, I have some ideas, we just have to have a working session. Oh yeah. Okay. Especially if it's problematic. I feel like now is the time to solve things. Yeah. And this will be one of those solves, I think, that are pretty low-hanging from a customization standpoint. We're talking about a custom record, some simple math, KPIs. I should have maybe said this yesterday morning, but we're in a pretty dealer-heavy market.
Not only are we competing with other manufacturer dealers, but we're competing with Miller & Old Dealers in this market, four other Miller & Old Dealers in our markets. So anything that we can do to make us look like we're easy to do business with. Yeah. With that being said, if we do anything for you that you want it to be proprietary to you, just tell us and it will be. You can share it with other dealers outside this market. Well, like, for instance, we wouldn't want to put this into Orion.
because then it's going to fall into... Yeah, so this would be a customization that would be specific to you. Now, with that being said, we've had other people want us to solve this problem. No of your immediate competitors have brought this up. But if somebody comes to us and they want to solve it, we will solve it differently than how we solve it for you. Okay, I mean, I'm okay to share. I'm just saying, anything that can make us look better. Yeah, yeah. Everyone calls that session. Making that look better or something. Yeah, yeah.
I actually had it. It's a customer PO number value tracking. I think what we're going to do is end up creating a custom transaction, where we pull in the printed information from the customer PO, allow them to attach the document to the record so it's all tracked. And then we... that information to the project. I think that'll be a simple elegant solution. So simple.
Best type of solution. I know. I'll try. Thanks, Kimmy. Sales order management. We have just a couple more minutes. We'll see how far we get. So just so you know, creating the sales order from the proposal, it's one click. So you click the button on there that says sales order. It generates a sales order. All the information comes over automatically. So you don't have to rekey anything. But typically on the sales order form, there are different fields than what was on the proposal form.
So this is kind of your opportunity to say, hey, we've moved one more step in the process, and now we need to get more information in order to take the next step. So oftentimes at this point is when we are asking for more dates and potentially things like that. So, that might be a benefit as well as to have these transactions separate too. You also have the ability to, well, two things I want to talk about here. You have the ability to do another approval process if necessary.
Sounds like it's probably not for you guys, but this is when the order is booked. You mean approve it from Opportunity to Sales Order? No, so you did approval process on the proposal. That means, okay, my proposal is approved, I can send it to my customer, customer comes back and says, yes, we want it, they sign, you book that proposal, it's now a sales order. Before you take the next step, which is going to be generating your purchase orders, there might be some more work that you need to do on that, I don't know, and might require another.
approval process. By the time it gets there, we've already done all the other stuff, like the spec check. They're doing more upfront to get it close. Yeah. Yeah, we don't issue a quote, does we? Yep. Yeah. That's what I thought. Well, I mean, that's cool. Yeah. Sales order means donezo. Ready for sales. Yeah. Sales order is the only thing that we do. So we really live in a world of collapse. So part of us using Google Docs, it's like we have a shared budget that we're working.
through. And so we have to expect that budget to be met. Like, everything is live. Yep. So by the time we get to quote, it's dead at that point. Where it's static. It's not moving any longer. But everything up to that is static. So we don't put anything in there. We don't put anything in the system until we're ready to be static. Got it. Jenny, do you agree? Yes. So the other consideration here is this next part is a really long conversation. We should probably do it after lunch. Or during. We can do it during lunch.
Do you have a whiteboard? No. Okay. That's all right. We can imagine. There's a whiteboard in Zoom, isn't there? Jenny, how are you on time? I know that you were headed out of town and you have a lot on your plate. Was that directed to me? Sorry. Yeah. How's your time?
I can stay on a little bit longer. Do you want to take 15 minutes with Jenny and then break for lunch? That's fine. Oh, yeah. We can keep going. Okay, so here's some big ideas I'm going to introduce. The first one is the concept of the draft PO. So inside NetSuite and actually inside most enterprise. Oh, I'm sorry.
We're done. Okay. Ginny, you're free to drop. Hi, Ginny. Thank you so much. Thank you. Okay, so if we want to take a quick break for lunch right now. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. Thank you. Sorry. No, you're fine. Yeah. Are you getting... She's getting bombarded on all sides right now before she's trying to go on PTSD. Oh, yeah. Just want to... It's good. I see the look.
Would now be an okay time for me to step out for an hour? Or do you think you need me for a little bit longer? Yeah. Are we being recorded? Make good choices. We're going to talk about... We're going to talk about the draft PO. I've talked about it before. I don't know if you've ever heard about it. I'm not worried about it. Okay. Cool. Our current POs are a shitstorm of information. I'd like them to be more organized in their format. Deal. Bye. Deal, we'll make it happen.