there we go okay so now I need to share yes and there's a there's an option here oh no don't have to join the meeting first or do I and then do I need a meeting ID can I just do that jqy mih is that what that says yes oh it doesn't.
almost you oh oh that's it yep perfect let me do that. Five, eight, four, three. Don't connect my audio to my video. Good.
And then, are we all on the same page as this morning, operations? Okay, good. So I didn't have it on my calendar, but I think that's what it was. Perfect. Share. A whole lot of sharing going on.
Slideshow. Current slide. We'll add to this location at 7.30 in the morning. We don't know what you're doing. going on. Be at that location and install it. All right, so operations. These are the topics, processes, business processes, components, and things that we'll be talking about in regards to operations. So.
just to kind of mention too, we kind of do think of operations as being a little bit bigger than just work orders and receiving and and installation. We do kind of consider operations going all the way back to site analysis, labor quote requests, and things like that. It feels like that kind of is part of the thread all the way through. But for our purposes today, we're really kind of just looking at purchase requisitions through.
punch completion. So we talked a little bit about purchase, Requisitions yesterday. We are going to use them. So that is a decision that we have planned on making. Is there oh my audio is on, No, it's not. Oh, yeah, it's not joined yet is off and then couldn't is it I hit the button. Yes.
So we made the decision yesterday we'll be using purchase requisitions, we'll be talking today about, Receiving because you still be doing doing receiving we're looking for plugs. You're fine, No, you're fine. There's plugs in the table, who knew? I know, they're pretty cool.
Exactly, exactly. I've been trying to do that. And we talked a little bit yesterday about why receiving is still necessary, even if you're outsourcing and sending it to a different warehouse, because receiving is what impacts your WIP. So we still want to do that, and we do have some tools. We have a really cool tool, actually. You know what, just because I love that one so much, can you find a screenshot of the new advanced receiving? Sure. Yeah, we'll show that to them.
Because we worked really hard to make this as simple as possible for companies like you that are not doing your own installation. Scheduling and resource management, we'll talk a bit about that, and actually, you know what, let's get screenshots of all the new stuff now that I think about it. Or I think there's links in Lux. You might have to ask Luke. I'll give you time. Take a moment. moment. Because I do think you might see this and say, oh, you know what, there might be some.
use for us. Even though you're not doing all the scheduling and dispatching, you still might find some value in some of these tools. Work order management, we've talked a little bit about that. I don't think we've made the hard decision that we're going to use them. It keeps coming up. So we'll take a look at it. Vendor return management, we're going to talk about if that's necessary or not. And this is what we call VRAs, and they lead to bill credits.
So we'll talk about that process. That, again, that kind of actually intersects with financial management. So time tracking and project management, we typically have a bullet in here because of labor and time tracking. Even though you don't have your internal team, we still want to talk about it. Punch list and issue management. Just so you know, we kind of have this generic term called issues and punch lists. Punch is one of the issue types. And there's a bunch of other issue types, like bill price discrepancies, and acknowledgement discrepancies.
And you could even use an issue in the warehouse if product got damaged. And so it's kind of a generic catch-all for something that's wrong we wanna track. Field operations, we're specifically talking about our field service app. And the nice thing about that is we've built it purposely, so your contractors can use it as well. So you can easily give them access to it. There's no additional cost for the field service app. Don't tell them that's why we did that.
Usually you charge a license for each one. What we did is, we use one license for everybody. So no matter how many reps you have, it's just gonna cost you one license. And then the vendor center, which I think is gonna be really important for you guys, that's just a place for your vendors to log in, including your subcontractors. They can see purchase orders, work orders. if we decide to use them and some other things. All right.
Any questions before we dive in? We'll go back up to purchase requisitions. I don't think there's much to talk about, but any questions before we start? Any topics that are in part of operations that we don't have on the board there? Cool. Yeah. Do you know where this is going or where most of yesterday went?
I know where this one's going, but I just set it up, I guess. Oh, okay. So yesterday, when I set up the meeting in the morning, it was like, well, where do you want the transcripts? Is it emailed? Yeah. Well, I said, it's my email. Okay. And then did not receive it. Yeah, okay. So does that go into a black hole or? I looked on.
All right, just give me one second. I'm just having a little bit of technical difficulty that I am very confident I can resolve fast, but talk amongst yourself. Chris, go ahead, throw out a topic there. Well, so one, I did give you a screenshot in chat, until you're receiving it. I have my chat turned off.
If you look into the chat, they posted the links to it this morning in one of the chats. Sorry, I'm just trying to connect my two screens. There we go. No, but the URL works. Yeah, we can log in. We just have to get with, see if you can get Luke on there so we can get the right, the updated links.
And then this just failed again. Hold on a second. What's going on? I'm sorry, guys. I'm just, my computer's tripping here for a second. Okay.
I'll take it. All right. Function. Kip's mad at me. They didn't bring Edith. You should have seen the look he gave me, like it was my mother, and the shame and disappointment. He said the last time it was the only way that he survived being here so many days without a stop. Oh my god! And I told him I was like, there would have been no drinks to take her to pee.
Oh my god! Aw man. He's sad, crying his mom to work. He won't even make eye contact with Amanda. Oh, you're the favorite human being. I.e. I'm the biggest pushover. Gives him the treats. I like your carpet.
Oh thank you, I'm a big fan. Yeah, I have top 12. Oh really? Yeah. And you know it's in Detroit? Yes.
Just a quick question, like, do you guys have KBM Hoag hats that we could purchase? Hats, no, but I do have some bags for you guys to take out. Oh, okay. I don't know if you've met Mark Daly, but very much on spending, so I have to, like, you know, just leap things in slowly. Slowly and quietly. Thank you. We used to have old branded KBM hoag hats back in the day.
When we get to them, I'd love to see them. So you'll have them. When it comes time, you'll be able to share. For what? The preview of the operation pieces. I know I'm putting some pressure on you, but Joe can give you the link as well. Okay, so let's jump back up to the top. We actually talked about this yesterday. There's really not much to talk about here. When you get into the system, we'll give you a walkthrough of this. Purchase requisitions is a NetSuite native function.
So we'll use it. It requires supervisor approval, whatever. Whatever the employee loads on the purchase requisition, once it gets approved, it'll convert into a purchase order. Everything automatically comes over. So it's a nice way of having your team request for things to be purchased. They can go to the appropriate approver. Receiving and warehouse management. So we have a tool that Chris is going to have. access to it pretty quick here. It's called advanced receiving.
Traditionally, in NetSuite, receiving is actually kind of clunky, it's kind of difficult to do, so we built this tool, this utility that sits on top of it. So it's definitely part of Orion, and it allows you to do drag and drop. Like here's all my items, here's all my bins, and I can grab items and I can just drag them to the bin and that's it, now they're received. So let's define bins. Bins are really just locations on a shelf, or locations in a warehouse,
or you can have one bin for one warehouse. They can be that simple as well. Now we have some dealers who have over 8,000 bin locations, and so we have some pretty cool functionality to help them manage all that, but I think for you guys it's gonna be even simpler. I think you're probably gonna have, here's our location, that's the warehouse that it's being shipped to, there's only one bin at that location, because you don't care where it's being shipped to. being tracked there. So you just select your product, drag and drop it to the bin, hit save, and it's received.
So it's gonna be really simple for you. And then as we talked yesterday, that receiving process impacts WIP, so that's important. So there might be some need for communication back and forth and as we're building out our vendor center now, which that definitely should be ready by the time you guys go live, we are putting in a feature that allows your vendor, or your subcontractor, to notify you that they've received it, right from inside the vendor center.
So I don't know how it's happening now. Maybe email? Yeah, they're sending it via email over to receiving a KVN call. So you could continue to do that, or they can log in, they could see all their work, and then they can say, okay, well here's the purchase order that I know it's coming, it's arrived, they click notify of arrival on the purchase order, and it shows up in your dash. board so it's not an email that's the idea is to kind of get it out of email and then all you need to do then is go to the to the PO receive it and then.
you're done yeah they can attach it right there yeah now if it's you you can tell us if it's easier for them to continue to email it to you that's fine you don't have to use this but there will be the ability for them to attach, we'll probably appreciate it yeah and the rest of them are not because you're.
not a resource ask Karen for the personal app and you might actually have them. you.
Well, that would be a full license, yeah. And we've talked about giving them the ability to do full receiving, and we can enable that. We're just a little bit leery of it, but maybe you have somebody who you feel confident with, but it's giving them the ability to change your system, which is a little bit. Were you talking about Service West going in? We had asked for that at one point a few years ago.
Yeah, we did. No, they offered to do it. They did. Yeah, that's... So a couple of things that we kind of thought of when we kind of went down the road of thinking about this was, all right, well, you have 200 lines on the PO, they receive all 200. And then like, oh, crap, I shouldn't have done all of them. There's a couple that didn't actually come.
back. Now I need to go back and edit that. So now they need to have create and edit capabilities. And as soon as they have the permission to do that, they could mess up other ones depending on who, because there's not, you don't know if there's any oversight on their side. So I'm not saying it's not doable. It's absolutely doable. It just really comes down to how much trust you have in them. And you're probably still going to need. Well, if it's not part of it now, it is in the future. We can always look at that later. So for now, they can just get as received.
Yep. Yeah. And it'll show up on our report. Yep. So if they're doing. Not currently, not for them, but there is for you. So you have the ability to, there's the ability for you to do some note-taking on those items if there's a problem. They would be the one telling us there's a problem.
Right, that's what I'm trying, yeah, like how would that get communicated, just without getting lost in the community. How do they do it now? Email. Yeah, so we can give them just the ability to communicate notes, and instead of them typing in the email, they can upload the files and have a comment section where they can communicate some of that info. Yeah, because usually in the email, it's punched, so maybe there's no section. Yeah. Do you guys call it? Or punch, like conceal damage, or like obviously if they're offloading and they see that there's a boxed enter, they're going to take the time to open that box aside.
Yeah. And then that's when we find out that there's. Yeah, and you guys consider that punch? Well, it's concealed, it's like... Concealed damage. Yeah, it's concealed, it's kind of like pre-punch, I guess. It's a non-bill. Yeah. Yeah, we're going to submit a claim for a non-bill. Yeah, okay. And that's usually done at the PC level. Yep. Yeah, so the way... It comes into us as a punch. Oh, it comes into you as...
To us, it comes in as a punch. Okay. All right, so we can kind of think about how to handle that, because we have... Oh, yeah, I forgot about this. You know what I like. Oh, we're thinking that we might end up skipping lunch because we're probably going to end up leaving around 1, I think, to catch the flight. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I appreciate that.
Thank you. So we can talk about, when it comes time, we can design whether it's going to be an issue that you track or a punch that you track, and we'll just make sure that we give them the ability to communicate it. So it can either be communicated via email or through the portal. We'll make sure that happens. But since we're on this topic of damage, let's just talk about what your current process is. for how you handle that right now.
So if something comes in damage, do you typically receive it and then ask for a bill credit from your vendor? Correct. Okay. Yeah, we receive it because we need to end damage. So we receive it, and then we reach out to the vendor and start working on how to get it. Yeah. And it generally ends. It generally ends up that we're adding another line to get that replacement. Because they want you to send a new PO? No, because we need a new line to receive a new piece because we've already seen it.
Oh, yeah. So now we need a new line to receive the replacement. And then is that just going to be a zero-cost line? Correct. Yeah, okay. So that's fine. You can absolutely do that. And then do you end up sending the other one back, or do they, say, just field destroy? Sometimes, depending on what it is, sometimes they want it back. Probably 90% of the time they do not. Okay. It's not worthwhile shipping them. Yeah, depending on what it is. So in the times when you do have to send it back to get the credit, you can use the VRA, or Vendor Return Authorization. That initiates somebody in the back office saying, telling the warehouse,
hey, that has to go back. Then they ship it back, right? And when they typically ship it back, is it FedEx or UPS? It depends on when the carrier will come and pick it up. It's all case-by-case. It's all over the place. So, yeah, exactly based on the size. so so we have some pretty mature processes around all of this but I don't.
want to give you guys extra work if this is like rarely happens so sure. save some money so here's the process would be generate create the VRA create.
nine of fulfillment that's that means it's shipping out then you get you get something back from the vendor that says okay we're going to issue a credit from the item fulfillment, I'm sorry, from the VRA, you can create a bill credit. Now you have the bill credit in the system. They give you the number. So there's like all that traceability. It's all very streamlined. The question is, like, do you need it? Because there is like, there's some business process weight to it. But if you need it, we'll absolutely do it. We do it all the time, but it's up to you.
I mean, I would say from just speaking from the finance perspective, one thing that's always kind of nagged me is that people will enter lines for credits that we're expecting. And then they just kind of, there's not really a way to track it. To make sure that we ever get that credit. So they just kind of go in there and you're just like throwing it out there. I hope we get this. And then no one ever really follows up on it. So if that would facilitate helping us to track this and to know, hey,
where's that $5,000 credit from? No, that we were promised three months ago. That would, that. I don't know if that feeds into what you're talking about. So actually, I like what you're doing there because this is something that I used to do is because vendors are not prioritizing your credits. So whether you're generating the VRA and sending it back or whatever, there were times where I would be like, I'm just going to create this credit and the number on it is TBD. And then at the end of the month, I would send a report of all that to the vendor and.
say, hey, just so you know, here's all the vendor credits and here's the reason why. And we're expecting your number, but if not, we're just going to apply them to invoices in the next month. Yeah. And then that gets their attention and then you get the credit memo number or you just apply it and then they get pissed off because now you're paying stuff with credit. I don't know why. Yep. And then you're like kind of putting the onus on them. Now they have to do all the forensic accounting on their end to figure it all out. So I kind of actually like, especially if they're not responsive, but you can, if you.
the VRA item fulfillment bill credit process there is more traceability and more explanation as to why you deserve the credit and you can kind of justify it more with the vendor so something to consider.
well you could use the VRA in turn the back office to at least initially say hey we know that we deserve a credit maybe we're not shipping it back because at that point what you do is you take the VRA you would close it or you create the bill credit and then close it which means we're not shipping it back, and put some notes on there so we can use these processes these sorry these features in netsuite to create some processes to help it sounds like maybe that's a good idea yeah okay yeah.
yeah i never know if you guys ever get the money or not like i don't know i'm putting this line on there but i don't know if the credit ever showed up yeah yeah cool all right so decisions made we'll use the vra item fulfillment bill credit uh process and just for the sake of the transcript we know that let's say 80 of the time they're not getting shipped back it's an 80 20 rule, but we could still use the vra to track the reasons as to why the other thing is since you are actually physically you're receiving the product um we need to receive that into a bin.
that cannot be fulfilled so it's going to go into your it's going to go into your inventory, somewhere but it's damaged right so we need to, it somewhere where somebody can accidentally inside the system allocate it to an item fulfillment so it gets shipped out. Is that a bin? Is that what you mean? Or like... A separate bin. Yeah. So there'll be a separate bin that we'll name it damage product. And so at the time of receipt, and this is another reason why it might be good for you.
guys. Yeah. Another reason why it might be good for you guys to do the receiving and not your contractors. You might have all your items, but you were told these two items have damage. So you'll receive all your items, drag and drop them to the normal bin, but these two items go to the damaged items bin. And now you have traceability as to where that's at, what's damaged, what needs VRAs and things like that. Well they need to use bins for at least their third party locations.
Just to have one bin. One bin per warehouse. Yeah. Just a single bin. Yeah. A single bin. Yep. And then yesterday we said the bin is received. So, no, we'll have to have another process to devalue it.
You could create... You could create another bin just for that. Yeah, yeah. Just because it's so easy to drag and drop everything.
So maybe one thing that we'll think through a little bit more is for every primary third-party warehouse that you're using, maybe you have the normal receiving bin, the damaged inventory, and then the duplicate inventory or overages, I think is what it would be. So if we have an order for some reason, let's say it's going to multiple installation partners, obviously you'd have a bin per installation partner, even if it's on one order?
Well, the purchase order is what drives the bins. Yep, so you go to the purchase order, hit receive, and then just the items for that PO is what you'll be receiving. So if you have five... What about direct-to-site? Like, what's the move? Or to the office? Is that under... Whatever the address is, is going to create a bin. So if you have 10 addresses on one order... It's going to go to whatever pin stall partner. So the time we're going to have a bin is if there's a warehouse involved. Okay. If it's going direct-to-site, there's no bin.
Okay. You just mark it shipped and it's done. So you can track the timing of the shipping, but there's no receiving process. Like, sometimes we'll have things come here at the office. Which never get received unless I go receive them. Or the keyword showroom. Which you can... Oh. It's just already... I get a lot of things shipped to my house because I just take them right to the job site. Oh, yeah. That's what we call it. Those are basically just a drop. Okay. I just wasn't sure. I was just thinking about... The wheels started to turn and the coffee's kicking in.
Yep, yep. That's good. So the only other thing I think that's outstanding, Lorraine, is what you do from a write-off perspective. that product that's being damaged so they'll have to be a separate process where maybe I don't know once a month you're looking at the product in those bins and determining the write-off value for that or maybe they're well yeah they're so this is where it gets a little bit tricky we don't have to cover it now because if you're doing a another PO at zero cost and you're getting the.
item in the new one has value but it actually comes in at zero cost you really yeah so we'll come let's come back to that won't put a pin.
that one but, As long as it, especially if it gets resolved in the same accounting period, because it's going to eventually go out anyway, right? So it's kind of like no big deal. Can you move from one warehouse bin to another warehouse bin? Yeah, you can do a bin transfer. Okay, okay. You can do it. There's chairs in San Jose that deal with accidents. There's chairs in San Jose? There's chairs for the San Jose office that we're paying storage on that were from a client.
And the client didn't want them or something now, so they're sitting on 32 chairs. There's a lot of processes here around what's called warehouse management system or WMS. NetSuite's pretty sophisticated with it. So if you need to transfer from one bin to another, that's a bin transfer. If you need to transfer from one location to another, that's a transfer order. So you have a lot of functionality around this. Most dealers don't use it much.
All right, scheduling and resource management. So you guys don't really do much of this, right? Somebody else is really kind of doing the scheduling. You're just telling them the date that they should do it, and they do the... Yeah, because we have a PM. Well, I can think about the PM dashboard, like what the workload is for the PMs. Could that be used in that sort? So then we know. But I'll go and look at dates. Like if I need a PM for something, the first thing I do is go into the project and have all the PMs. projects are working on the dates and i'll see like who's available for that time because they're.
going are you going to use work orders because that's how you can schedule it no i know i'm thinking of i think what you said either yeah exactly sorry yeah i'm thinking of pm resources, actual people it's not product is that am i talking about two different no you know that's good yeah that's right right because i was thinking that from a warehouse standpoint they're obviously going to dispatch installers and i'm think just think it was like the pms is kind of the same way again for me looking for resources for like a project that we don't have.
and then two things though really because yesterday we talked about getting the pm, listed as soon as possible so that we could see what was coming assuming this scheduling is like the same as we're scheduling where you're scheduling the job and then you're scheduling yeah so yes you can put the pm on it but at that point is it double, You would either have to be double work or you'd have to get it scheduled at the very beginning.
so we could see that they were on that job. So is there a way we can show them, but obviously I know we want everything to live in, which is I'm totally fine with, but having that PM resource. Yeah, so I guess my question is, because you'll have the PM resource at the time of potentially really early, right? Order team assignment. Right. Going all the way back to the app maybe. But it can live as a report somewhere? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. It's on everybody's dashboard. But if you want to say,
hey, PM, I need you to be on site because they're doing the installation on this day, then you can schedule the PM using the tool to have them go out there. But do you do that? That's what I was... No, I mean... Well, yes, they do. They just don't tell them that they've been scheduled. Oh. I'm like, look at the schedule. Isn't that what I'm more worried about? Yeah. I mean, yeah. I'm thinking of a more, like, a last-minute request. Thank you. Hey, how are you?
Our current process is, in case you haven't caught on, that all of the resources, with the exception of the PM, are assigned pretty early in the game. Designer first. Yep. And others trickle in, and the PM is assigned very late in the game. Ticket. We would have to kind of shift that. We're trying to change that, where the PM gets assigned at the same time as the designer gets assigned. That would be the change. Right. Yeah. So what you have available to you is,
if you do want to schedule the PM to be on-site during the delivery and install, you can use the scheduling tool for that. I think what could be interesting with the scheduling tool, we could request them to be on-site. Right now, they just threw an email. Right. But if we actually, like, put the information on the... And we're like, hey, I need a site verification. No. Do they confirm? Like, if you say, I'm going to email them, I want you there on this date,
are they like, yeah, cool, and it's marked anywhere? Usually they don't say, yeah, cool, but they do say, hey. And no, it's not marked anywhere. We send it in that email or thread, chat thread. But what I'm thinking is, is, like, if they were assigned, all the information, therefore, would just be right there. They wouldn't have to take the email and then go find the files and drive and so on. The location information is all there. My fear is, is that people will just start slinging stuff on their schedule.
and they're going to be like, yeah. Because we're already bringing it. Yeah, again, so I just pulled this. You can share your screen, Wendy. So that's why you're saying request, and then the PM has actually approved it or somebody has to approve it. That's it, yeah. So it's almost like, could you soft- schedule them the same way you would soft-schedule a job. Yeah. OK. And that can be very interesting. Yeah. The other thing, too, as we're talking about this, is the PM can use the Field Service app. So if there's a work order event that's scheduled, and that event type might be site verification or site.
review or show up on site because they're doing the delivery and install, whatever you want to call it, that will show up in the Field Service app for them on the appropriate calendar day. And then they could go there. And then they can, at that point, they could even. Well, they could even self-schedule themselves. Yeah. Because what I'm hoping for is on every project, when you get assigned as project manager, you're going to get a list of tasks, which are always going to include site verification, delivery, walkthrough, all these different things. Yeah. So they would, if that hasn't been completed, they would know that somebody would know that it needs to be scheduled.
In your dashboard, is there a calendar view a person can look at, like a PM could see? Is it calendar? After scheduling? This is what I'm working through on the left-hand side. It's a very high level in the duration of each project. And so if I have a last-minute request, then I can go through and look at the dates and see who's available.
It's pretty self-reporting right now. Yeah, it is. And at what point are you using this? Always. Always, yeah. Yeah, so the PM's going to fill out as they're getting assigned or they know the project's coming up. Oh, okay, early on. Yeah, so it could be early on. Again, this is not information out of core. This is just them. Yeah. So I think it's a useful tool because as a manager,
if I have a last-minute request or another PM needs additional help with something, then I can help them. I've gotten that workflow timeline. So, it's very big right now, but if you scroll over, it always starts on the originating date. Yeah, you're back in. Little, tiny. Oh, here it is. Now I see it. So, this allows us to go to a current week and then scroll through and see who has open space,
and then go, oh, okay, we can ask this person if they're available. The hard part right now is, is it actually accurate by the time we get it? Have they updated it, or is it standard? Right. I mean, it's only as, yeah. Just go up to the top and click today. It's only as accurate as the information. And what's the, what are the events on the calendar days? Are those the install days? Those are the install days. Oh, okay. Okay, gotcha. They're ringers. Yeah, okay. And I, like, I normally tend to look at.
But it doesn't capture when, you know, pre, any pre-install work. It's more like the.
Yeah, so from the design perspective, a lot of dealers are using the design boards, the card system, to kind of understand visually, people's workload and things like that. Which, again, we could do something similar like that for the project managers. You just don't move them through statuses. But it sounds more like what you need is a calendar of the install days. I mean, yeah, it's just like so that she can look at any given point in time and see how it varies.
Well, how they can, yeah, as individuals. at what they have coming but then i guess for reporting you know for your sake because i know we have that gives the project status for that oh you mean my graphs which we could just have to build up which has been a historical struggle with us with resources they're just not great visibility into it come up with this patchwork way of putting it together the city people are.
you can start hiring people or it's just it's hard sometimes just sitting down with an individual and going again you're okay like let's look at like yeah because i do also pull this up during my one-on-ones with the pms and just kind of go through each project so it is a helpful reminder okay and i don't know if this is the right forum but i was envisioning pre-booking, non-financial impact part, like the resource management, using those, perhaps it's the.
card, same as design, but the account managers need a similar tool, because right now it looks like that, and I don't want it to look like that. Every department is basically in a Google Sheet. Yeah, but they're all connected, and we utilize the same resources, it's just ours happens before any of the design, before the PC, before the VM, and it'd be great to track it from the opportunity, all the way to the end. Yeah, so we can just give you a search, similar to what you're looking at there, of who's.
assigned to what, and what their role is on it. Will it show where it's at in the process? Imagine it like the cards, it would need to be weighted in volume. Yeah, that's the other thing too, yeah. So I don't know if we... have that type of visibility yet. It's not to say that we couldn't put it together, but, we'd have to think through some things there. Because my, like, I've held off on rolling out a project management software until I.
fully understand what NetSuite's going to offer. So it's like, is NetSuite going to do it, or do I need to tackle the sauna, build out simultaneously, and build out a sauna? I would hope not. We just haven't run into a dealer who wants to go that far with it. So we had plans. Actually, we had the resource visualizer tool that we had built, but we didn't have a dealer that was really interested in it. So I think... They're probably team-based.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's easier to identify your resources when they're team-based. Yeah. So maybe what we could do is have another session where we go a little bit deeper on this. And is Asana what you would want to have it kind of modeled after? Well, that's the only one I know. Okay. Just because we already have a small version of it. That HR and marketing... Will that work for non-team teams? Yeah, you just assign your resources to the task.
The hardest part about Asana is actually just building out the task. Yeah. You have to think of all the things you have to type in. All the little itty-bitty things that happen. So that's part of this. If they're going to build us something, Kimmy, we have to decide, is it the 10 phases or is it the 300 things that happen in each one of those phases? So 300 times 10. I don't want to manage all of that. That's the account manager's job to manage the individual details. But from a manager perspective, like Wendy wanting to assign a P.
I want to know what phase of project they're at, the volume of those projects, and the timeline of those projects so that you know when they're breathing. from the new programming for another opportunity. The only downside I could see of that is that the project might be in that space, but the account center's not in that space, you know what I'm saying? So we could be moved into order. They haven't done the work to even be there.
So the order's there, but the person's not. They're behind. How would you tell that they're behind? And like for PMs, I don't want to micro them, but I also want what the always are. And I want an acknowledgement sign off that they were done. So we'll have to figure that out, how micro we want to get. So let's do another session where we can just maybe walk through kind of some of your ideas. Yeah.
Just more exploratory. Sorry, I'm just trying to log into my NetSuite account here so we can pull something up. Mm-hmm.
So let's look at what the module is in the next question and see how it is. Maybe it gets better. Yeah, and the other thing to consider too is NetSuite's native project management tool, they call it Suite Projects. You have a project record, you have task templates, you have resource assignment and skills matrix and all of that. That's all available. We're familiar with all of that. We just haven't run into dealers that want to use it.
But if that's something that you guys are interested in, if you think of your projects like... It's so fascinating. I mean, we're literally, industry is project and budget management. And people don't want to use it. I know. What? Yeah. They don't want to use it. Yeah. So there's varying levels of sophistication. When you're in Ohio and you're paying one-third of the payroll, but you're selling the furniture for 20% more. Right. I don't care about the minutia as much, so. True. And you're the only dealer within a thousand miles?
Throwing five more bodies onto a project is no big deal because it's on the property.
I just need to get the links down. I don't have time to do it right now. If you can reach out to Vlad or... It doesn't have to be for sale because it could also be in Lux 1 or Lux 2 because they have them deployed in Lux 1 and Lux 2. We'll get to that one, but that's last. Really what I want is the scheduling and dispatching tool, and the work order. One, as things get completed, the way like at least Asana doesn't be a next week.
At Asana, when you complete a task, they're going to queue the next thing. And if that next thing is assigned to someone else, then they know now it's ready for them to go. Or it can be moved to them. I just like the idea of like this workflow where if you're waiting for someone, you know that you're waiting for someone else until it's your time to step up to play. So like the task dependencies and all that constraints. So yeah, like we kind of come from that world. And every time we've proposed it to dealers, it was a little bit too much.
They wanted more flexibility than that type of stringent project management. Well, again, like it should be editable, right? Because every project is the same. So if there's like core task list, then part of your project setup is does this apply or not apply? And what doesn't apply, you take out. And then it packs. Or if there's more by news, you can go in and add things.
It's like everybody knows exactly what they're supposed to be doing. This is what they're supposed to be doing. Yeah. And we can do all of that and have done some of that. We have another dealer that we work with where they are all, they are task-driven, project and task-driven. But then what ends up happening is there are things that you do in the system that the system knows that you did. So then what they ended up having was, well, here's a task to tell you to go do it. I went and did it, and now I'm going to go back and tell the same system that I did it.
So there are some ways where it can be, the task can kind of be woven through the process rather than it has to kind of be like, yeah. Yeah, because then it gets just tedious to keep going back to the same system and say I did that work when the system already knows that you did it. We obviously have non-process-driven people within our organization as well. Their pushback usually is, well, you hired me to do the job. Trust me to do the job. I don't need a list to tell me what my job is. And it's like when we're busy, things can get lost.
Yeah. Well, we have unlimited PTO, and they go in the future. All right, so we'll definitely come back to that. And so scheduling and resourcing, work order management we touched on. And we're still going to – the one thing I just want you to know about work order management is it can be as easy or sophisticated as you want it to be.
So it can be just as easy as I go to the sales order, I generate a work order, I don't have to pick any lines, I choose a type. I save it, it's soft scheduled, we're good to go. We talked about vendor return authorizations. Time tracking is, we've talked about it a few times, but let's just stick here just for a moment. I just want to make sure, we did confirm yesterday that the time tracking has no GL impact.
We just want good reporting on the time being tracked. It does have a GEP impact. It does have a GEP impact on the project, yep. So, let's talk about rates for the team and the service types. There's PM, which is flat rate, internal and external hourly rate, and then design, is a flat rate, but then there's two different internal costs, because if you work with a.
workshop designer, which is our field... Lower internal hourly rate than the standard. Got it. And that's it now. We're down to those two external. So there's a design client rate and a PM client rate, and then there's basically three internal rates. And then they're either billable or non-billable. And right now they're on the quarter. Okay. And then there's the contracts. The contracts. With our clients.
So you mean the, oh, yeah. And then obviously we have, yeah, that's right. Negotiator rates. We have negotiated rates with some clients of what the sell is. But the internal doesn't change. Yeah. Okay. And the Blue River. And the outside contractors. The outside contractors doesn't matter. The internal rate has stayed the same even if their hourly rate is more. Yeah. That is a, we're understaffed, and so therefore KBM Ho takes the hit. So that's why I try not to book Kimiko at $95 an hour.
Maybe. So, yeah, it's not a true job cost. That just gets billed as consulting. Okay, great. So we have, like, a rate matrix that will be easy enough to fill out, and you guys only have a handful, so that will be pretty easy. And then let's talk about how that gets applied to the project. Are they tracking time on a daily basis, or do you have them do it at the end of the week? They're supposed to do it weekly. Weekly, okay. And then at the end of the month?
They have to be slapped around a little bit. Yeah, okay. Sometimes. I know. And I get it. The time tracking is a pain in the butt. So, yeah, we'll have you fill out the rate matrix. That will be part of the configuration setup. And then whenever time is tracked, it will calculate the cost on the time tracking record, and that's what will get pulled into the project. So I just want to say it out loud, again, for the sake of the transcript, because not all dealers do it this way. We do want that time to impact the GP.
Yes. Yeah. Let's talk about the external vendors that are doing the work. When you get your vendor bill from them, do you get one bill per project, or is it one bill and you have to go through and itemize each line and tag the project? We do. The one-to-one ratio of bills, vendor bills, to POs, and we don't tag them to the project. Okay. Because they're putting their time in. Well, some of our contractors, they have core time-entry access, because we can give.
them access to just time-entry. Okay. And so they can go in and actually just log their own time into our system for us. And then we, Rafina, our design manager, is supposed to then go reconcile that when we get the invoice to make sure what they entered and what we're getting is equal to one another. Those that don't do that, we, again, just pay the invoice as consulting. There's no job impact from the invoice. Then Rafina goes in and puts that time in at our standard rates against the job. Oh, okay.
So it's the time that's actually impacting the GP there. Not the invoice. Okay. Again, they might charge $99 an hour, and our internal rate is $85. So we're only billing the job at $85. Okay. Because it's just a GP. Okay, so the way that we're structured right now is internal time is going to use your rate and impact the GP. External time, we're looking at the vendor bill and pulling the actuals from the vendor bill to impact the GP. But that's really just a process-driven.
So we could change our process and say this gets paid under consulting or whatever the GL code is that we use has no project impact. And then we could go in and manually put in time for those projects. We basically just set up a design bucket and then use that as the billing. Because that's what we're doing now. Yeah. My problem. when we have to use outside design it's not the fault of the sales team it's, because our internal design is overwhelming so why would they pay extra.
for something that they can't control so I was primarily thinking about labor, install sorry yeah so I'm sorry let's let's finish and so let's go back to design yep he was linked to the project bills linked to the project yep yep so.
the so the bill amount is okay for that that's okay to impact the design so the bill amount is okay for that that's okay to impact the design GP yeah okay great so the one thing I've run into with other vendors is they will get a large bill, for multiple POs. So that's what I'm wondering. Is it a one-to-one? Service-wise? Or from like an installer? Yeah. They can only bill that PO. Awesome. We would kick it back to them and say you need to separate those. Love it. Okay, great. Since we're talking about, our installation company, I was saying, what about like when we get change orders.
or is that something different in this? Yeah, it's a little bit different. Okay. Yep. Like change orders and yeah. But you can do change orders in the field service app. Yep. That flowed back to the PAC office. So let's go back to design. So you're basically saying no matter what happens, whatever the cost, the selling cost that was put on the sales order for design, that's what hits the GP. Perfect. Yeah. I'll state for the record, we lose money on design. Design does not make money. No matter how much design we bill, our payroll costs more.
than what we were able to bill to a client at any point. So yeah. So we don't hold them negligible. Otherwise, we'd have to put a negative GP on every order. Yep. Okay. But you do, you will issue a PO for external design when necessary? No. Okay, you won't even do that. They just bill us, and it comes through as a non, what do you guys call it? Come on, finance. Put your language here. GNA expense, consulting expense. Yeah, okay. So you're not tagging it to the project. No. Perfect. Okay, easy.
Easy, easy. There are times where we will tag something to a project, but if we do end up doing it and not design it, then a line is added, and a new PO is issued for that line. Okay, yeah. Yeah, and then the cost of the PO will flow back to the project and impact the project. Okay. In general, everything that is job-costed is going to be tagged to a PO, with the exception of design, labor, PO, storage, we issue a PO, our copy suit, we issue a PO, everything.
I mean, that just helps us because it's like a one-on-one ratio. Yeah, so all of that aligns with how we're doing it now. Okay, so let's talk about the weirdest thing that we do that I don't think any other dealer does. Okay, love it. We put a 15% internal cost against labor lines. So every time you start a new order, it automatically pulls in a line that says KPMG 15%. And that line auto-calculates any time there's a labor line.
It takes 15% of the GP and adjusts the whole GP. So it's a cost-only line, and it auto-calculates to take off. You're not the only one doing that. Okay. So you're doing it at 15% of the cost of all labor. Cost of labor. Just labor, yep. Not external labor, just warehouse labor. So if it's service, like it looks at, well basically we have a line code that is external labor. External labor, yep.
And it looks at that. line code and goes oh any line that has that i'm going to calculate yep so there's a business rule in court yeah so formula lines yeah yeah so we have that functionality so just for i just want to reiterate it for the transcript so adding a formula line calculates 15 cost of all external labor and that line has no gr impact no gl impact just just basically is decreasing the gp, safety measure there's a way to put this into the code or the native way to do this in that.
suite but my biggest gripe about that is that it's always line one so any time you issue a proposal with line numbers it starts at two you can click it and say you want to make sure you want to make sure the customer sees that right it's like big bold on the line one and it doesn't print so it just like messes up the line numbers every time i know somebody with ocd and like i will murder this thing yeah so i don't know if there's a way to force it to always be the last, yeah yeah or are you just gonna see you literally there's a center bottom you.
click the line that would require somebody that doesn't have OCD to care enough to hit the button exactly yeah because we could move it now you can move it all the way up until you open that order but nobody does it yeah so I would love for one we need the line that's the best most important part of this conversation yep she would be great if it was always at the bottom and uneditable yep yep and end up and not printing yeah it's always dynamic okay.
so there's a so there is an override but that's why I'm not. So this is something really is to guard and ensure that there's some level of profitability on the order. Yep. We used to have a warehouse. I wasn't here during all this. I don't understand the whole process. But we used to have a warehouse. Do you want me to explain it? No, no. I know what it is. We used to have a warehouse. We decided we didn't want to be in an OSHA environment anymore. I think there was a forklift incident with drinking.
It happens. But to get people to mark up what labor should be, it's supposed to be like stop marking up labor at the same as product. You need to be like marking up product higher. So we forced our markup by taking a hit against it. Got it. It's a behavioral push. Yep. Yeah. Not a problem. Now, let's just talk about what order types that applies to and doesn't apply to. I need to know all the exceptions. It applies to all orders that have labor. There are a couple clients, I think, that have exceptions. I don't know if the client had their own.
So basically we just have to know, like, can we toggle it on and off based off of order type, or do you have to do that from the very beginning? No, that can be part of the business rule. So if we can lay out the logic ahead of time, we can automate it. But it's based off of order type, not based off of client. You could add in additional exceptions by client if you wanted to as well. So there's a few ways to do it. I just need to know, like, that full logical expression. And natural language is fine.
Who can own that? I can. I can pull up the rules and see what the exclusions are. Great. So action item to Kip, he'll get us the 15% labor markup, yeah, with exceptions. the logic there that's good yeah the only the only unique thing there is you're doing it on labor a lot of people doing on product yeah are they not billing hourly for services they are they're doing.
on time yeah all right so we've covered scheduling resource management we talked to work doors you talked to the ras time tracking and project management i think we're good on the on the time tracking like i said you guys are doing you're not overly complicated there so we already have reports for sure on the on the kpi oh yeah okay yep the markup line that we talked.
about? Time entry lines. Oh, the time entry lines. Yeah. Okay. Yep. Yeah. They're actually technically a transaction inside NetSuite. You can enter those time entries from that field service app, right? Yes. Yep. No excuses. I can. Or would you know or something? Do you have that? Hey. Do you want me to do a punch order? I've got somebody that won't let me close an order who's six months old. Well, the time tracking, sorry, the time tracking is linked to the work order event. Well, I mean, to enter your time that you were doing, like, it's just associated with.
the job. I was just curious if the PM in the field on their iPad could enter the time that they want. Maybe. Because it's, right now, the field service app is all work order event driven. So, if there's not a work order event, there's no opportunity to do time tracking. How do you do a work order event for design then? There isn't one. So, if you're going to track time for design, you just do that. it inside the system you can you can track time it gets a design request or a.
task yeah. what about what about punch lists so who's doing the punch list is that your.
subcontractors or your PM's okay so you are using plain grid.
So we've built specific functionality into the field service app and into the work order, application to replace, so you don't have to use build or plan grid, specifically the floor plan and the, for the, so the punch pins and the. One last thing to pay for. That's what, that's what we're going for. Yes. And our installation partners can give. Because is it work order driven? It's all work order driven.
Work order driven. Yep. That's allowed. You win. Just, I give, I give. Resistance is fuel. No, it can, so as long as the PM is a resource on the work order, they will. The reason I'm asking is because there's projects without it.
Yep. You just have to be a resource on the work order or the work order event. Yeah. Yeah, we can. I think you actually had to pull it up, right? We might have to come back on it because we just redeployed our latest version. Yeah. I thought we did do a demo, but if we didn't, we can definitely, we'll definitely do one. Oh, it wasn't done? Yeah, I'm not sure. I'd have to do a little bit of setup because I have.
to go back and find a work order event, add myself as a resource, find the date. So, but we can plan that. Let's put it on the transcript. Yeah. Yeah, or even like what your version of, I'm going to call your version of a plan grid. I'm more interested in that. The 24th is the date that has one of that. Okay, so let's do this. Let's schedule a session to do a preview of the whole operations suite, especially since it's new. So we'll do that. We'll schedule a session where we'll do a preview of the whole operations suite. So receiving, work order, scheduling,
dispatching, and field service. That would be, thank you. I didn't realize the field service app wasn't done before you guys sent in the demos. Yeah, so yeah, we have some pretty cool functionality in there specifically for floor plans. All right, where are we at? I'm just going to see what this, we're almost to the end of that. Punch list. Oh yeah, so anybody in the field can create punch as long as they're a resource on here.
Punch, just so you know how punch works, you can take a, you have a punch reasons, sorry, punch issues. Punch Reasons. Two different lists. So what's wrong and why and who's responsible. Take pictures of it. You can associate lines with it. One line, multiple lines, however you want to do it. Because right now we can, we enter it through core and we can attach photos, which is nice because then we just go in a line and we don't have to... You only have to do it once. It's like doing it in plain grid and in core.
Well, yes. I still do it in plain grid. And one of the big things is plain grid is that you can then mark that location on the drawing, correct? Resolving that issue. There's a thing you can do in there. You can do that. Because four months later you get that punch item and you've done 15 jobs. You're like, yeah, I'll remember what room that goes into. And you don't. We all know the reality there. Yeah. And the, app works in offline mode as well.
So yeah. You log in in the morning. You download all your work. event information you go into a building with no internet connectivity you can still do all your work take pictures create punch and then it'll sync when you look so that report like you talk about like a daily status report yeah so.
week so our initial intention was just generate in the back end of NetSuite because it all started in the back end of NetSuite because it all flows immediately to the back end of NetSuite but in those reports are really easier for us to create especially in NetSuite but then we had some feedback where it was going to be the PM in the field who initiates that report and wants to send it so they needed it in the app so we don't have it in the app yet but you can generate it in the NetSuite back end do you need it in the app yet but you can generate it in the app yet but, Someone using the app to generate and send that? I don't know when I would... I don't really understand the...
Yeah, okay, so right now, I don't know if you do it from your iPad. In PlanGrid, you can do everything, and you can generate the report on your iPad and email it from PlanGrid. They're saying that if you did all of this in the service app, to email the report, to get the report, you'd have to come back and log into the full instance of NetSuite information. So you can't issue the report from the app. You have to issue the report from your desk. We'll call it Desktop NetSuite.
Right, but I thought you just said, like, for entering time, you could do that in the web version of NetSuite from your iPad, so couldn't you also... Yes, you could. I'm just saying you'd have to... It's two different locations. Okay. So it kind of comes down to who would be creating that report and sending it. Yeah, sometimes it's me, and sometimes it's them. Okay. Do you have... a version of that report that you guys have that you can send to us so we can, like, like, generating it in the app is not going to be a challenge for us to do.
We just weren't planning on it, but we can. There's just a difference of being able to send it to the field versus sending it to your background. Yeah. That's a project to Orion. Yeah, yeah, but. In some rooms it's more, I mean, you can do, like, general notes, but it's not going to be, like, a polished report that you want to send out to a client, you know, because as you're doing a punch walk, like, a lot of people think you can, you know, just go through something, but I'm typing and I think people pop in to me. I know, yeah. Like, I can't do, like, you know. Yep.
I can't enter my time and do my punch report at the same time. Right, right. I have to do a client walk. Yes. You might have to create a Google account with your non. Well, no, I'll just make it. You know, you just have to verify your email address. You have to verify, enter your email address, and a fake code or something.
Chris, Marcus, who else should I add? Yeah, we'll eventually have the PM and consultants added to that. Did you have the field service app pulled up somewhere? Because we do have a couple extra minutes. We're actually through. Can you send that link to me, and I'll log in? I sent it, and you turned it off.
If you need to add a folder or anything, Oh, I see. Lux One, okay. Over here.
Oh, because we're logged in as dentists. Never mind. Okay, that makes sense. I was like, but I'm not a resource on there. That's fine. Okay, we have the 24th, you said? Yep. We have a July 24th. Oh, yeah. Okay, so we have just a couple of minutes. We can do a quick preview of the field service app for you. It's an older version, so it's going to be a little bit...
I can point out what's... I'm doing a status completed. I have more statuses than you. Maybe. Date filter all. That was the 24th? Yeah. You had two selected statuses. Oh, you said completed. Sorry.
My bad. All right. Let me share again. I'm almost there. I'm so excited. I'm trying to find... Okay. Share. Nope. Come back. There we go. Okay.
So this is the Field Service app. It's designed primarily for tablet. It will work on your mobile phone, so it's responsive design. So the idea here is... You're looking at the dashboard, and you're looking at that card. That card is going to be the work order event. It's going to have a project. You could have many for a project. Yes, yeah, you can. But what you are looking at for is what's scheduled for this particular day. So you're probably only going to have, well, your subcontractors or your PMs might only have a couple per day.
So they're only looking at a couple here. Filter and sort it in this view. Yeah, and really it comes down to you can filter by status and also by date. But really the magic here is when we dig down. But a couple things here. I think some of this stuff is not going to apply to you. Of course, if you click on location, it's going to give you the address, and you can map to it. If you do a check-in, you could set the status in process, at least for all the lines. I like check-in. And it does a –
Is it geologically confirmed that you're actually on site when you're a check-in? Yeah, stamp set. Is that when you tell me you're on a job site? It doesn't time the – Well, yes, your time-tracking entries would be on the same day and event that that happened. It doesn't initiate. It doesn't start. Mm-mm. The AirTags. I think. Sketchers launch new GIFs that you can put AirTags in. And then maybe with install MSP, you can get . And then complete is you would, this would complete all the lines.
And I'll show you the lines in just a second. But you have your basic information there on that card. And if you click on View Details, this is kind of where all the magic happens. So you come down here, you get some detailed information. Ignore this stuff. This is for our developer. Like I said, this is an older version. So you get some detailed information. Site requirements that we started gathering all the way back at the job site analysis flows right to here. Got your contact info. Who's assigned here? This is just a test one. So our developer, Dennis, is assigned here. I'm logged in as Dennis.
So I can only see. If you had to rate Dennis as an installer, how well do you think he would do? As an installer? he's part of our ukrainian team so we have some ukrainian developers and yeah yeah i know, they're good guys um jump over to items here's all of our items so i don't think you guys are going to be using any of this because you're not really worried about completing items, because this would be like sometimes you do send them out for like service work or they might.
actually like all this they might decide you know what i want to put all my items yeah a line item sorry a product yeah so what they can do is they can come here and say all right i want to mark these are actually all marked completely let me change this to uncheck completed oh yeah thank you no let me just see if i can do it this way no it's not going to work here that's in the like i said this is an older version but you can change all these to in progress.
or mark them completed it might be locked actually because it might communicate back, Isn't that sweet? And then time tracking. Now, the way that we do time tracking is there's only one resource here. But if you had five resources, you would just fill in the time tracking up top once, and it would apply to everybody. Sorry, I'm going to get these because I'm logged in. Let me see if I can quit Teams here.
I don't know why Teams does this now. I have it on Do Not Disturb, but the messages keep flashing up there. So you do time tracking kind of in one fell swoop. You can add resources, like temporary resources. They show up. Again, I'm not sure you guys are going to use that. Here's the punch list. So you can create punch from here. You can create tasks or create photos. But I have a feeling most people are going to do it from over here on the floor plan. And I think we got one on here.
No, there's not one added here. Darn it. Let me try and refresh real quick. Yeah, when you do it through the app. Oh, let's stop what we're doing. I'll just say you can attach files, you can collect signatures, you can initiate change orders, and you can document return of product, which you guys won't do.
Oh, you might? Oh, okay. Oh, see, I'm silly. I keep making assumptions that I shouldn't. Okay. Please. We'll schedule another session. We'll do another walkthrough. You learned so much exciting stuff. I know. I'm just joking. Thank you for your time. I'm giving that to you. Thank you. I mean, you're done. We forgot that we moved this to 10. You couldn't ignore all of ours in Chuck.
We were seeing so much exciting stuff. We were getting deported for work. Yeah. Wendy signed on for work orders just now, so that was good. That's like mission accomplished. Thank you. Well, Matt, we are cracking up because we did not realize we were being recorded. I'll scrub the.
transcript before I send it to Marcus and Chris. Like the poll first. It was like 25 minutes. It was like an all-personal, conversation. Right, Ro. So I'm going to need to log back in, right? This is a different meeting? Yeah. So there should be a meeting ID, I think. There was some magic button that flashed up the meeting ID. He'll throw it up on the screen.
Okay. Meeting ID when you're ready. Yes, sir. 936-1207-4728. Are we, did we lose a few people? Um, Shannon and Wendy, they got my phone. I think it's going to one. I'm not sure what time it is.
So Marcus. Yeah. I've been spending a lot of time mapping our chart of accounts. Yeah. separate session on that to walk oh yeah okay oh yeah that's a big one yeah and so yeah we'll we'll definitely be walking through and talking through all of that yeah, yeah and it is it's really just a starting point it's a baseline yeah so it doesn't um.
well when we walk through it i'll let you know it's um like changes you make, there's it won't affect anything like it'll be good um and what's the the rule i know we talked about it briefly but is there a receptive remote history obviously at least like summarize used to count totals yeah details yep yeah so i was hoping to actually have our data migration.
strategy today if we get some time so um i think we need to leave like at 12 30 or one so maybe we have some time in there but, Yes, so typically, yeah, typically it's end-of-the-month trial balances for the past two, five, seven, ten years, whatever you want. Hopefully it will become like two or three pages at 40.
Now we're at 40 pages. Yeah. Yeah, you should be able to get it down to a few hundred, right? Yeah, I think so. Not financial management, business intelligence. So Nestle has the same geo structure, like location, geo account? No, it's just a different channel. Those are different dimensions. Yeah. Dimensions. Yeah. Yep. So we just need a dimension for location.
Yeah, it's beautiful. It makes it so much easier. It seems like we lost a few. Friday's hat day. Hey. Oh.
Yeah, we do. Well, a little bit, Matt, I said, I kind of hope they did. Maybe that's a wake-up call for some of our people who they're coaching. No, it's a steel case. All right, so we are moving on to business intelligence and reporting.
Just to kind of give you the highlights of what's available to you inside NetSuite. So you have these core NetSuite BI tools. They are very powerful. So I don't want to discourage you from using Power BI. If you love Power BI, use it, just keep in mind that the data is aged once it's out. But if you have a live connection, you've kind of mitigated that. But we do have some good BI tools in there too. Dashboards are a very important part of NetSuite. And so we will be building on dashboards kind of for your departments.
We've built out some additional components to make those dashboards a little bit so they look a little bit better. Like how things look is actually important to us. We kind of think of NetSuite as kind of the home that you're living in all day. So it should look good. So you feel good about where you're living. So we do spend some time on the dashboards building those out. It's actually part of the implementation, not software. But we'll talk some more about what's available there. Standard reporting, NetSuite ships with over 400 standard reports.
And that's everything from income statement, trial balance, balance sheet. And every single one of those reports can be customized. So if you need a variation of that report, it's very simple. We'll show you how to do that. Again, I mentioned this yesterday, but it bears repeating. Reporting in NetSuite is unique because you can get the as of dates for those reports. So like what was my balance sheet? sheet as of September 1st. You can get that. Where some of the other business intelligence.
tools are dynamic. So you just need to keep that in mind. So it kind of comes down to which tool is appropriate for what you're looking for. We also have workbooks, which is like think of like Excel. It's called workbook analytics. So pivot table charts, you can build those out inside NetSuite. We have SuiteQL, which is NetSuite's kind of own version of SQL. You can, so that means you can write queries. And Kip, I don't know if you're familiar with SuiteQL or not, or.
SQL. You can bypass the application layer and run queries. It's very fast. Yeah. And then pretty much on everything, you can export the data. You can schedule to get exported. You can print it. You can export it to CSV, XLS for Excel, anything you want there. Let me just talk for a moment about some of, with all these tools, some of the problems that I've seen companies run into with these tools. A lot of it comes down to people writing reports, naming them similar.
They have different criteria. You have different numbers, and people don't trust the reporting. That has never happened. It seems like a consistent problem where I want a revenue report for this time frame, and that revenue report can be written four or five different ways. Are you including taxes? Are you not including taxes? Are you looking at the net amount? Is that before discounts or after discounts? There's so many different ways to write that. The one thing I'll encourage you to do as we get into implementation is we prefix our saved search,
the ones that we create, and then we also sometimes will nominate something as being like an official saved search. And so, because you don't want to like limit your team from not being able to query the database, because it's a pretty useful function to be able to do that. But you probably do want to like officialize certain saved searches to say, hey, this is an official saved search, and this is how we use it, and this is how you should be interpreting the data. So we'll give you some tools to help you with that. But just in my experience over the past 20 years using NetSuite and just being in business, this is like a constant problem of people looking at the data differently and then not trusting the reports.
And it really kind of comes down to... We used to call it singing from the same songbook. Yeah. It's a different key. Yeah. Right now we have reports that are like, you know, Mark's version, Matt's version, Kip's version. Yeah. So you can encourage them to... There's a little box that is make public. If you're going to make your own search, make it public. Yeah. No one else needs to see that. Yeah, and that's what I was going to say, that you can put controls on what... can get to where they can yeah yes and you have the ability to publish dashboards to people's.
like all the other little menus on the top are all called centers so like there's a finance center and you can publish to a given role exactly what you want that dashboard to look like, so that they don't need to go and make their own searches and we encourage you to do that because i can tell you like when i was managing i had a pretty large sales team that i was managing on netsuite we probably well including the customer service team there's like 60 people on it and people would get ambitious and they'd write some of their own saved searches and i would say hey.
dude like you have an opportunity here and you haven't you haven't done a follow-up on this opportunity in x amount of time he goes i don't what are you talking about i don't see that anywhere i'm like are you it's on your dashboard no i changed my dashboard i'm like no you're not doing that so then what i would do is i create a dashboard for them publish it and they can't change it so we're all looking at the same data when we have our weekly meetings we're looking at, the same data when we have our weekly meetings we're looking at the same data when we have our, we're reviewing the same thing. So I highly recommend it. And that's one of the reasons too, why we don't do a dashboard for everybody. Number one, it's a lot of work,
but number two, it's better that everybody, at least in teams, is seeing the same data. On the exporting, right now there's not a lot of control and core to determine who can export what information. So we haven't had this issue, but someone who was in sales and left one company and came to another company, you know, I could, but that company, there was no way for me to export my customer data.
In core, I can't prevent that from happening right now. Is that the same in NetSuite or? I think it might be the same. Will you just do a quick search? Like if you give them, yeah. Like, are you concerned about them? Well, like customer data is one thing, and then it's like. The ability to export or report itself to Excel or PDF or whatever. You're talking kind of on both fronts? Yeah. Let's see if there's a permission specific to exporting.
I think... In Google Drive, for instance, there's a setting that I... An export starts and it's COCUS not data notified. Someone says dumping gigabytes of data. What's going on? I mean, I don't know that it would stop them, but at least it would alert me and I could... Yeah. So is that something... I mean, that's another thing that... I mean, we would... Obviously, the first line of defense would be just prevent them from doing it at all. Yeah. But then if we can't do that, maybe in a trigger system to alert.
if more than 50 megabytes of data are being downloaded. That's interesting. Let's just... The good news about core is that it's actually really complicated to do it, so... Yeah. Security. Yeah. So let's list that as a requirement, as some permission. around exporting and some notifications around if something was exported over a certain amount yes yep yeah so for a given role there is a report export and.
that's what actually shows the button for like PDF and Excel and everything you can turn that off and on a role basis but not off a portal basis like what if I want them to be able to export order details into Excel because they need to manipulate the data or stack it a certain way yeah it's like there's like pros and cons to turning it off and on my first glance it is it's an all-or-nothing setting well if it were nothing you could just have those.
Yeah, but the whole point of it is, like, well, we'll think about it. Another thing, too, just to be aware of, like, if you have a report and they don't have the ability to export it, they can technically, because it's browser-based, just highlight everything, Control-C, Control-V, and Excel, and they got it. So just something to think about there. Data export, distribution, and document management kind of falls under here. And we have mentioned, I think we've mentioned already the SharePoint integration.
because we talked about potential G Drive. We have that on our list just to validate the G Drive integration as well. So lots of opportunity for you to kind of keep that reporting inside the system so it's always real-time. And we've already been kind of covering a lot of this. We've talked about these reports across the different process areas. So we already have a list of some of those reports that you need. At this point, do you feel... there's anything we have yet to talk about from a reporting business intelligence standpoint and we.
can kind of go through the the process areas again i know we talked about it with marketing and crm because we know we need your the pipeline report is really important um financials we talked about we have those standard financial reports um you guys are doing a lot about a lot of reporting outside in google sheets we're looking to see if we can get that into the system do you have any kind of like score cards or anything like that that you do um they they were really popular.
a few years ago but like you can have a scorecard by like maybe sales rep where, shows total revenue um total gp across all their projects basically do that in the booking report right now okay right guys yeah so there's like a director's tab and on that tab, And you'll see it in the shared folder. It shows, like, where they're at year to date, what their GP is.
So I would love them to see that on their own dashboard. Yes. And then if he was ever managing them on their dashboard, it shows them all of their people. Yeah. And there's all kinds of filters, like down to a certain people, me and my team, me and my team, things like that. Okay. Yeah, that's been one of the frustrations with cores. They do allegedly have this hierarchy of permissions, roles and permissions, and, like, this is the manager. They report to that manager, and that manager is supposed to see everyone,
and it doesn't. I've never gotten that. That's one of the downsides, like, managing the org structure in NetSuite. You have to have the right managers assigned for those filters to work. Yeah, but if we set that up. If we set it up, it actually works. Good. Yeah. So right now I'm just going to show you a couple of things here, just maybe. Yeah, this is a demo account, and so this is just a conglomeration of different components. They're not going to make a lot of sense, but we just want you to see what's possible.
So like this financial overview section, this is a nice one for like the CFO. You can add different KPIs here, bank balance. You can do period over period reporting, things like that. Then you have the little KPIs up at the top. They're called highlights. You can publish which ones you want to have up at the top. So, again, the idea here is you can have everything that you need to on a daily basis at a glance. But anytime you see that link, that means you can drill down and get right down to the base information. So if I click on revenue, that's going to take me to most likely my income statement.
Yep, it's my income statement. I can keep drilling down here to my detailed report of it, and I can change things down over here. So that's another thing that's nice about the dashboards is... it's linked to the detail information. So on that, like the dashboard is great, especially for the finance team in this instance, but then how are they, are they gonna, when it's month end and they come to present to Mark and I, how are they, do they have to export all of that.
into Excel or are they able to do the presentation through Orion? Yep. Yeah, we just have to, yeah. And whatever you want to see, we would just create that dashboard. Okay, yeah, perhaps you ever have a good dashboard. We'll run, we'll still run a balance sheet. We'll run an income statement, save it off and that's it. But it's not gonna be a separate file, it's just gonna live in here. No, it shouldn't be a separate, I mean, cause the template doesn't. They're saying it doesn't have to be. The template should live in here. I recommend keeping everything in the system.
And so like when we would sit down and we would have our financial reports, I would just pull up the income statement, the balance sheet, trial balance, walk through it. There's usually, yeah, there's usually questions, drill down. figure out. AR is a great example. Like we look at the AR report and like, why the heck is this past 90 days? Drill down, find the invoice, task out the sales rep to call. The problem is we're not, sometimes we're not all together to do a financial review. So I have to send it to somebody. Oh. Like this week, in case you're not here, do a package together and send it to me.
Yep. I mean, you certainly can do that. I mean, like all those reports can also be scheduled and then automatically emailed as well. But if it makes sense to package it so it's easier for the executive team, I can understand why. Yep. Exactly. So I'm just going to walk through a couple of these dashboards for you just to see again, what's possible. So some of this graphing, a little bit interactive here. What's nice about this is you can.
This has filters at the top so I can see, here's my pipeline, but here's everybody's pipeline. So if I was a manager and I had access to this, I could see everybody's. Can you limit what that click down is so they can only see theirs? Yep. It can be defaulted. And if I also want to see, whoops, by a particular location, I could do that. Maybe just furniture. Well, somebody's not selling over there in the east. And just furniture.
And then all these are stackable. So you can set multiple filters and that'll influence what shows up. So again, sometimes little things like this you have to do in Excel, but this is an analytics workbook and we're just pinning the results of it to a dashboard. Another version of it. So you can choose the different features here, how you want to view this. Now I'm going to go back to the dashboard. For those of you that like tables of data and not visuals, we got them.
And I understand it because I think this is a little bit quicker for me too. So here's my open opportunities as a sales rep. I can do some filtering here just to show different statuses. I can click on view from here. I can go to edit. I can start scheduling activities from here. So this is a saved search and the reason why we talk a lot about saved searches is because they're extremely functional. The other nice thing about this is whenever you see a pencil here, that means you can edit right here without having to go in and edit the whole record.
So I can change my status here to in discussion and that's going to update it and you can see my probabilities linked to it just changed. So if I need to like quickly go through my opportunity list and change things, I can do that. But think about that for anything else in the system. If I have a list of acknowledgements that I need to go through and mark and complete it. My tasks, actually, this is a great way to manage your task list because you can drill down, but you can also change the status from here.
So very functional. I don't have any examples here, and I wish I did, but we can also do highlighting automatically. So, like, a good example of this is, let me drill down. This is a preview of the report. If I click on the total, I'm going to get all of it. Yeah, here's a good example. Here's my expected close date. But look at how many are in the past. So what I like to do is I'm going to go in here and show you just how easy this is.
I know this is going to be a bit more for technical people, Kip, or anybody else, but I'm going to go in the highlighting section. I already have one highlighted rule. If it's more than that, highlight it green. But I'm going to say if the expected close date is before. today that's a problem so I'm yeah exactly so now somebody can easily come.
in here and say all right well I already know the status of this one this one is the expected close date is going to be some sometime in the future and then when you when you refresh this there we go so that's no longer highlighted so you can actually work right off these safe searches as well so the tabs at the top are each of the different portals if you will or centers centers and then you have a dashboard within each of those yeah yeah okay or a number of dashboards.
okay because my thought was is like you have one dashboard, And you're like, how do I, where do I even know where to look for everything? You just be scrolling. You can have a dashboard on each one of these tabs. And the home is kind of like your default dashboard. And then the other ones are like processor specific. Yeah. So if you were in pre-quote, you could have a dashboard built about what you need to do for pre-quote. Exactly. Yeah. We have, we've done some of that here. So here's like some requests, going to order management. There's all kinds of stuff. Let me just take a moment and talk about this reminders portlet.
This reminders portlet is key. So you can write a safe search. You can put it in this reminders portlet. And this is really what everybody's work is on a daily basis. In fact, let me jump over to, I think financial management might have more on the reminders portlet. So I'm, I work in your organization. I come in, I log in the day and I see my reminders portlet. This is all the work that I have to work off of. Like it shouldn't, you shouldn't have to guess. So I got this, these bills to pay. These bills are on hold. Something I need to manage tasks to complete.
All of these, they're not just informational. I can drill down and get to that task list and work on that task list from there. And was that by individual or could it be departmental? Either one. Yeah. Yep. So what's nice is as we talked about publishing the dashboard, so you can publish this dashboard to your financial team. They could still have their own dashboard on the Home tab for some other things that they want to track. But, yeah, you have control over that. And when you're talking about suite projects,
that no other dealer has done, would these reminders be integrated with that or something separate? Sure. Yeah, they can be integrated with anything. I mean, you could have reminders in here for phone calls to make, events that are scheduled. Anything in the system. Yeah. Query it and make it into a reminder. Can you make updates on those fields that have that pencil? You can, Kip, but I'm only going to show you. Because it's dangerous.
Yeah, you can. There's also a mass update function that's a little more involved, but you can, in a safe search, do a mass update. Yep. Can I look at the status report in order management? I don't know if we have it in this account. I'm sorry. Will you message Chris Mercer and ask him if he has the status report? Every account manager can currently use status reports to do their jobs. Yeah. Yeah, and this, just so you know, like this is a, yeah,
so we have our reports here, but we're in a demo account that has not been updated in a while, and so usually what happens is this breaks. So, but here are the reports that we have in here, backlog by line, backlog by order. We're building on a backlog 360 dashboard, so it's just one dashboard that has everything you could ever imagine for backlog in one place. Same things for booking, so bookings by line, order, bookings 360. Receive not in. Invoice, we talked about that, Receive Not Scheduled, these are all reports that are in here.
I'm just not confident at this point that it's going to work in this demo account. But here's a good example of it, because a backlog report at the line level is huge, especially for the whole system, right? So you can do some filtering here and limit it. So I think I might have something for me, let me see if I can get a backlog report just for me. This is risky, in our baby demo account.
Okay. Yeah, I probably should have put a date filter on it. When that message comes up, that means it's struggling, I don't think it's going to work. But we can come back on some of this and give you previews. especially during the walkthroughs, we'll use an actual, well, we'll use your account that has the latest versions of the Suite apps in it. And then, Kit, you can create a script that would notify you if large exports were happening. Like, Chad, you could actually wrote the Suite script.
just now for me. Since we talked a little bit about it, let me just show you. Cache 360 dashboard for Lorraine. Bank balance. Are your eyes big sausage right now? Yeah, some, again, demo data, so it's not gonna all make sense, but you can see we didn't do a whole lot of business.
in here. And I'm sorry, so is this my GL bank balance, or is it actually going to the bank? This is the bank balance inside of NetSuite. Bank feeds, it's up to date every day automatically. Yep, so you have some big KPIs up here. And then some other things here. Yep, so it's doing that automatically.
And then I wanted to also just show you real quick, because since we've touched on this a few times, where is my, here's your budget income statements. You can do your, where is, oh, here it is. I don't have my glasses on. All right, so here's the income statement. And let's talk about that dimensioning a little bit. So down at the bottom, we talked about how we can dimension this by things like division, department, warehouse, location.
Let's just do by division here for a moment. So I had. Hit refresh. There we go. So now I have my income statement. I don't have to, you can see I don't have very many accounts in here, but now I can see it by flooring, furniture, and total. This is something you always have to maintain. So again, in a demo account, we don't make things mandatory just for demo purposes, but division, you're gonna wanna have it mandatory.
so you don't have any of this stuff posted in no division. So we'll help you with all of that. But now I have an income statement by furniture or walls in your case if you wanted to. I think the more appropriate one here is probably going to be the sales location, which I'm not sure if we have sales locations turned on in this one, but we do have A locations do that. So this is how you would run an income statement by location, and then it's totaled. So it's automatically consolidated on the far right.
It goes all the way down to the net profit. So those dimensions. are really convenient, because as long as you're tagging things, and the way you make sure they're tagged is they're mandatory, and then every transaction after that inherits them automatically. So it's not really a lot of work for your team, but then you have all this visibility. We even have San Francisco in here, I didn't even realize that. So I just wanted to give you kind of a preview of that.
I think we probably ran through this in the demo, but we've talked about this a few times in here. And then maybe one other thing on the business intelligence side, since this is a pretty cool feature, I mentioned it, but workbook analytics. So these are workbooks, think of them kind of like an Excel workbook. And we have some that are built out already, what was the one that we were looking at before on the, I think it was the bookings workbook.
Okay, so the way this works is you kind of define a data set. Then you can build things like charts and pivot tables, and you just have to figure me out. I have no idea if this is up to date. Well, there you go. So this is an example of a bookings here by a sales rep here. So you have your data set, which is like your raw data, your flat data, and then you build out these different charts and different pivot tables and things like that. And then those can get pinned to dashboards or shared amongst your team.
So again- So everything we're building in Excel right now, we could just be building it. Yeah. And then it stays real time. We save it at . Yeah. And you can build out as many of these as you want. We probably have a terabyte of printed Excel sheets that have been looked at once and never touched again. Yeah. When you go to the data set, you can build out your data set. You could have a data set that just throws all the information related to all your transactions.
And then you can build off of that and keep building another table, a pivot, a chart, or things like that. The other thing that's really cool about this, to get it one layer more sophisticated, Kip, is you can have multiple data sets and link to both of them and create reporting off multiple data sets. So instead of booking data, of building data, the common thing is the salesperson's name. And then we want to see how much they can do. Yep, you can do all that.
So now that's another level of sophistication, because that's kind of like what you would use Power BI for, right? Yeah, but that's the type of thing that you can do in here. And then let me just jump back one more thing, and then we can open it up for some questions here. We talked about these reminders. So here's a good example. POs receive, not build. Here's that list. But that reminder is being powered by a saved search.
So I keep mentioning saved searches. They are extremely useful. Oh, there it is. So here's our saved search transaction. We build out our criteria, what we want the results to be. And then we can do all kinds of things with this. We can pin it to the dashboard as a reminder. We can automatically email it. That could be based on a schedule or if a value changes in the results, we can automatically email it and have it flagged. So another way, I use this a lot for like,
so in our company, our e-commerce company, I had something called the procedure police. And so sometimes I didn't want to stop people from moving forward, but I wanted to remind them that they screwed up. So I would have these saved searches, looking for broken processes. And then it would automatically, automatically email them and it would be coming from the procedure police saying, hey, you did this wrong. You need to fill this in, change it, whatever. And then the next day, if they didn't fix it, they'd get another email. So it's another way you can use these to kind of control business processes too.
What, when they're getting the report or what are they getting? A link to go back in? Yep. Okay. Yep. A message and a link. To the results. No. Okay. It's the results of that safe search. Okay. If he was to hit save, it would run it, show the results. That's what they get a link to. Okay. Yeah. Yep. And a link to that thing. So we could, there's all sorts of things we could do with them. Now I have PTSD from being on Salesforce. You're just constantly looking for ways to drain your bank account.
We were only allowed five of these reports that would auto email. Is there any limitation on, oh, okay. Not at all. They don't keep track of any of this stuff. This we use, you set up things, change and then just. Yeah. One of the reports that we run that's important to the GMs is they want to see people who are entering opportunities in Zendesk and month-to-month they change that opportunity. Is that an example? Yeah, yeah.
Either email or they can have a portlet on their dashboard that shows everything that's changed. So you can have a couple ways to do it. Emails, I like emails except you have to be careful because of the white noise. Some people just ignore them. Especially if it's every single time. Somebody goes in there and updates their whole forecast. You get 40 emails. So it's either scheduled and it does it like once on a specific period or when a new line item is added it can also email. That's the one that drives me crazy. What I kind of like about it is we meet every Tuesday to go through the forecast. We could just have it automatically send out.
the report the day before that meeting so that we come to that meeting and hopefully just have a few questions versus having to go through it line by line by line. Exactly. For sure. The other thing too, because I use this email feature based on changes for things that were like really important because this is listening and every five minutes, it's basically running that safe search in the background. So it's really up to speed. So like if somebody makes a change within five minutes, I could be notified of that change based on this. So really good for, like I said, controlling business processes and reminding people.
But another great example of this is like when somebody's filling out an opportunity, let's say you want them to identify the vertical market, but if you make it mandatory, they can't save the transaction and they get really pissed off because they might not know the vertical market yet because it's so early in the process. Well, let them save it, but just create a safe search that says, here's all your opportunities with no vertical markets, put it in a reminder portlet. And then they say, here's a count. There's six of them that you haven't updated. They can. Click on that, here's their list. They can update it right there in the list. Makes it really easy to maintain stuff.
And this can send to internal and external email addresses too. Oh yeah. So if you wanted to build a really sophisticated safe search with the right look and everything, you could actually just schedule that to go out to whoever you want. That could be something that we could look at for Miller and all reporting. Yeah. Oh yeah. Like you have to report out on the percentage of, yeah, all the purchases for sure. We give them our financials once a quarter or so. Yeah. I was thinking about on the opportunity, you have to say on the opportunity, 40% of this is going to be Miller and all product for.
Yeah. Yeah, but you don't want to auto send that report though. Gotcha. I want to see that one before it goes up. We do want that. That report would be amazing because right now we try to do that, but instead we have to have a meeting and go painfully one by one each opportunity to let them know the percentage of Miller and all.
Yeah, here's a good example of that. Opportunity Mill and Oil Manufacturer Percentage. So these can get really sophisticated. This is by month, MK percentage, showing you the revenue, the purchase total weighted. Let me just show, don't get overwhelmed when I show you this, but here on the results tab, we can also do some formulas here. Yeah, JetGPT will make those formulas for you. So then you can do some summarizing,
averaging, like these become so extremely functional. We build these all day long and they're easy to build. It's all point and click. So when you say like, hey, I need a new saved search. Of course, we want to empower you guys to do it, but when you need a new saved search, for something those are typically not hard for us to make for you yeah yeah.
so I think you're going to go from a system where you're somewhat limited on the reporting to like now you have like the ability to do anything that you want so you really need to think through what where you want to put your time and attention to and get those reports and you don't have to do it all at once like you can kind of slowly migrate them.
If you don't know, if you don't know, and if all of this is so new. Yeah, we bring all that kind of to these sessions and to the implementation. So we talk about that. So like a lot of the reports that we've built out were built out because of our interactions with other Miller and Knoll dealers. And a good example would be the formula lines that we talked about earlier. We built that out because there's another dealer we're engaged with who they're using that. So we kind of do that already. I will tell you that there are a handful of proprietary things that we work on that they ask us not to share.
And it would be the same thing for you guys. But whenever we can, we do. And a lot of times we actually include some of that in the software. And so every dealer benefits from it going forward. There is another report. And sorry if this has been covered. But, Kip, you know how you pull that GP summary report by project? Yes. Will there be an easier? Way to get access to that? information also yes people will be able to pull it themselves yeah it's just a project summary.
basically and that could be a dashboard i'm assuming like yeah i mean that would be awesome yeah it'd be a game changer for sure if we create it and publish it that'll be left up, yeah then on the project record itself you have a whole host of kpis that you can build out i'm going to pull one up here hopefully i chose one that has transactions nope i didn't go to klopp in this search this guy um and then my other question and i'm assuming maybe.
with article notice too but um just from the time tracking and time entry report. So here's a good example of the project record. These KPIs, I think we have 12 or 15 of them, so project sell, project cost, GP, you can.
have commissionable GP, cash balance, accrued purchases, WIP, all those things will live here. And the other thing we're keeping track of, because this is really projected sell, so it's based on the budgeted sell that gets locked at booking, and then we're telling you how much of this has been actualized, meaning how much of the invoice has happened, for the sales order. So this has been 40% or so invoiced. So you kind of know how far along in the project you are.
And then is this for multiple orders under one project number? Yes, yep. So let me just pull up. Oh, yeah. Yeah, thanks. I know. So we're going to show you the list of all the transactions that fall underneath this. And does this one have multiple sales orders? No, it doesn't. But had there been multiple sales orders, you would see them all here. But yeah, it's aggregating the data across multiple sales orders.
Okay, great. Because that's not readily available to us now. So that's fantastic. Yeah, fantastic. So when yesterday we were talking about how the document numbers and maybe it was the first day we're talking about document numbers and how different they are. Well, from a project standpoint, here's every single transaction and the link directly to it. So as long as you know that this project, there's always quite common for a manager to be reviewing an order and want to know like we paid against this line or they have to currently have to finance when they can kind of see a very rudimentary.
Yeah, they can get to the event to the well. Just remember on the vendor side They're called bills on the customer side. They're called invoices. Yep, but they can yeah, they can view or edit Well depending on their permission set they can view and edit from here. Which is why you would want to say.
Yeah, so then that's why you might want to say just show me yeah, yeah, just show me the filter down So anywhere where you see this kind of like smart table all the columns are filterable, sortable. I filtered for sales orders and showed me prepayments. So that was weird. Yeah, so these views are controllable again. I'm sorry you guys you're looking at like something That's like three or four versions old so I apologize there is a whole view builder that we have.
Where you can these are called quick views and you can build these out and you can add really any Column that you want to and and put it in the order that you want and publish it I just can't show it to you in this account And so everything over here is called a quick view and so yeah You can build these out yourself and we help you with like the initial set and then we show you how to do that It's all admittable. So, Again, just I know we're talking about business intelligence just really kind of walking you through.
I think I understand what your current requirements are and how you're doing it. You're doing a lot outside. You're considering power bi, You'll have the tools to be able to do it inside, especially for the stuff. That's important to be real-time You can always export. No, I didn't show that, but yeah every report can be exported every safe search can be exported so tons of functionality there any questions on your guys's side related to business intelligence reporting anything i was.
actually just curious how easy it is to customize terms you know we've obviously have our our payment terms and conditions but in the event where there's a bid and we've made some accommodations, it's always been a challenge yeah we talked about that on the pre-quote call with netsuite we're able to enter in actually what their terms are versus it just being a text field so we'll be able to bill off of whatever those terms are now some of the crazy stuff that you.
get into with government like in my, still be a little clunky, depending on how drilled down that is, but we'll have better visibility around it. Or we could just create terms that say, pause, see attached. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Great. Yeah. So the commercial agreement, invoice schedules, yep, you'll have all that. Yeah. So another question in terms of reports, and this has come up a few times and just.
it's even more recently, is report for the customers regarding their, like sort of a summary of like, here's all your orders, here's where, you know, you've paid 50% deposit, here's your remaining balance, and just kind of like a whole balance sheet for them on like invoice status and what they're owed. And also having that in a way so everything.
invoice is together that is associated with a particular order because right now it's like really piecemeal because we invoice upon shipment and so if you have multiple lines that ship on one order at different times they're going to get multiple invoices and so it's really confusing for the customer okay so that's the report that i sent to you guys okay in the folder of what we'd.
like it to look like gotcha right now it has to be exported into excel and then subtotaled by order number oh yeah okay yep so we did cover that yesterday and we have examples of it so, the important thing here is the tool set available to us and to you allows all of that to be done pretty easily and so we'll do that for you during the implementation and then we're also going to train you how to do that so you can do that for yourselves going forward jill did you look at that, Toric sheet I sent back to you I did and we had to make a few additional.
modifications so I'm gonna send to you what we landed on that actually seemed to be we believe successful okay I can swap out what I already uploaded for them to review okay that would be great yeah good deal let me just I want to review my notes to make sure I haven't missed anything but this is one of those process areas where we've talked about it kind of throughout all the other.
sessions as well so we're in good shape here we already are collecting all the. reports.
Clops. Yeah, so cost is recognized when the product leaves the warehouse. And that transaction is called item fulfillment. And then revenue is recognized when you generate the customer invoice. And those two things can happen. They're divorced from each other. They can happen at different times. Okay, so I'm sorry. Then that is a different thing than what we talked about. This is a minor change. yeah oh yeah no there is yep there is yeah no you're good yeah oh you I'm.
sorry what did you say oh yeah that's your trigger yep is when you get notified yeah so you can continue to do that just like you have and then in the if and then the instances where for whatever reason they don't match the revenue and cost recognition don't match there is a report yeah you do a simple general entry to a crew yep and I'll keep you on track yep it'll be two.
different safe searches in this case, One for the revenue accrual and one for the cost accrual, if there's a cost accrual. It's probably going to be minimal, I think, in those cases. Yeah. So I think that kind of brings us to the end of business intelligence and reporting. I feel pretty good about, I'm not even sure if we're going to have to have another session on this. I feel pretty good. But I did, I was hoping that we would have time to talk about data migration.
I think we might. I'm not sure if everybody on the call is interested in it or not. But is that okay if we have that conversation now? Jill and Alex, you're free to stay or leave unless you have anything else you want to ask about anything. I don't think so. I think I'm good. Thank you. Thanks for the time. Sorry we kept you waiting. Don't worry. Don't forget to delete that, please.
Okay, data migration. So we've talked a little bit about it, but I just want to ... Let's end this one. End this one. Okay. Can I end this one? No, that would never work. So just delete this one? Yeah. And then we only need to start a new one. And then record and then just ...
All right, you go ahead. Okay. So there's three levels of data migration. Level one is what's typical in a NetSuite implementation, which is we bring over all the entity information. So employees, contacts, vendors, customers, whatever other entity I'm not thinking of, but that all comes over. Now, the onus is on you guys to get that out of your system, clean it, and prep it.
We'll walk you through the importing of it, and maybe even we'll do the first ones with you because importing as a CSV into NetSuite is a really important skill for you to have because you'll do it a million times going forward. But to whatever degree you want our assistance, we could do all of it if you want, but we'd like to teach it to you, but yeah. And then in addition is the end-of-the-month trial balances that we were talking about earlier, for however many years. Just figure for every year it's going to be 12, one for every month, right?
So typically it's two to five years is what most companies do. You could certainly do 10 if you wanted to. It's really there for your period-over-period reporting. It's only ending balance, though. Correct. No details, yeah. No details for anything. Correct, yeah. There have been people who have opted to do details. I can tell you it's hard, it's very hard. There have been people who have wanted us to recreate the transactions in the system, which is near impossible because of all the linkages and everything.
So this seems to be kind of the best way to do it. Now, that's level one. This is what's typical, part of every data migration, or every implementation. Level two is something that we've created to help out dealers who want to take it to the next level, who want sales history inside the new system. And that's line-level sales history. We created a record in the system called Legacy Order. And whatever legacy data you might have in core, and depending on how much you want to do, we can bring over the line detail,
because it's a JSON file. So we get it from you, you probably have it in a SQL database. We convert it to JSON, we bring it in on this Legacy Order. Then you have visibility with all the header information. You can export it as a SIF. You can print out the PDF. Your people can look it up by order number in the new system that's available to you. How much- Corridor number. Yep, corridor number, yep. How much of that you want is up to you. How many years back? We can handle pretty much all of it.
We have a platform that we created that does all that transformation and creation in the system. And then the third level is all of that plus full data archival. So we have a partner that we work with that will go into Core, and will extract all the information out of Core, put it into a SQL database, which we then use, by the way, to get it into NetSuite, so we leverage that tool. But then they also will generate AI-friendly PDFs, that they put into your repository.
so you have access to them for as long as you want, and then they put an AI on top of it. can do things like go to the AI chat bot and say, hey, what did so-and-so buy in 2022? And it'll pull up all the orders because you have all the order information on the PDFs and screenshots. So you know all the information and it'll give you all that data. You can print out the PDF at that point where you have it. Now, I have one dealer that's doing that. It's not.
inexpensive. It is expensive. Did I say that right? Yeah. Most dealers I talk to love the idea of level two with the legacy order and the sales history. But when they talk, when they think more about it, they're kind of like, well, how valuable is that sales order history? What do I actually get for it? Do I have access to that data some other way? Could I just call up Miller Knoll and get that information, especially if it's for warranty information? How can.
convenient is it for myself? people to get to have access to that so those are decisions or considerations, that you want to make but those those are the options that are available to you, so option two well option one and option two both live within net suite orion yep and then option three is its own separate entity that you have to go out and talk to yeah you'll still get one and two yeah it's just three is a separate add-on because my thought is and kimmy let me know what you think on this but i mean basically for the last seven years that we've been keeping poker.
for however long it's been down we've saved everything down so like in drive there is a pdf of every invoice every proposal every receiving ticket like everything lives, drive outside of core i would add everything is hosted.
If we haven't been able to find it at this point, do we need it? And the naming conventions are not consistent. So it is difficult to find things sometimes. Even if they're there, it can be hard to find. I hear what you're saying. Most of it should be there. I haven't been on the Google suite in a while. Does Gemini provide any? Yeah, you do have an AI on top of it. Any ability to finding what you need?
I don't think I've used it yet. The search capabilities, even apps in AI and Google Drive are pretty good. I'm just wondering if that doesn't strengthen that online database. I'm not clear on what happens in journalism.
It does not. They let us do that right now for 4.1 at no cost because we have Core 5. Well, I know we'll still pay for it, but, I mean, surely they'll. I mean, what is, in your experience, having had done this before, how have the Core people reacted and how willing have they been to let people pay?
Yeah, they still accept their money, but they do, because we don't interact with Core, but they don't think of it as your data. That's the feedback I've gotten. Yeah, they think it's their data. Yeah. That's why it's a closed system. That's why they try to act like it's an open system, but it's not an open system. Yeah, so you have to fight with them. But you guys already have access to the SQL back end, right? We do. So we can't hold that out. Duplicate that database. Yeah. And another SQL. Yeah. We have no idea how to query it.
We open it up and we're like, but we have it. We can help you with that because we have Joe Keller. The Dolphin's still there, but I don't know if it actually works. Yeah, I use it all the time. Oh, okay. Yeah, it's still there. And we have access to all the tables, everything. Yeah. So we can work with you to get it all out. So if we can get that out into a separate system, then that would certainly give me... Microsoft 3.1. Yeah. I had always pictured us keeping one core account and then, you know, obviously...
Well, the thing is, we have two beautiful servers sitting in San Jose doing nothing but hosting a printer. We could move it all onto a server and you'd have to VPN. into it or we pay for it to be stored on some virtual server somewhere but if we can just download all of our own data and just choose a download date now I just worry that they'll pull this the second they figure out what's going on, when they see you downloading it well no when they find out that we're early pull.
it before you stop hey I mean well we had to ask for this the thought they just gave it to us so you went through the hardest stuff yeah I'm giving you sequel access I know I'm just worried about them taking it away yeah I would I, would we can get with we can get Joe he's on our team he has he he has a tool to do this but you guys already have this tool so we can get him to give you some assistance on how to get it out and.
yeah. so it's kind, disappear. But when's the last time anybody's logged into 4.1? It happens. I'm not... But it's like what like level of it happens? Like they go in because they want to look for a finish? I feel like the person in fact in my mind that immediately was Lindsay with Stanford. For some reason they would have a really hard... We purchased.
his chair in 2016.04 and I have to go try to find it because they need a monitor or something. Is it because they want another one or they want a warranty issue? Warranty issue or they want to replicate it? Well, at this point anything in 4.1 would most likely be out of warranty. Yeah, because we had another dealer that was like, wait a second, if I just replaced everything out of pocket for warranty it would be way cheaper than maintaining the same. And at some point you can just tell people we don't need data that's IRS data.
It's a liability at some point, right? I mean, I'm just imagining, the pallets I had pulled down in blue folders, that were just sitting in a warehouse. It's no difference. It's going to be sitting on the server. Yep. But if we could, I don't know what does it take to host a SQL on our own, like what that cost would be if we have a server with room to handle it. Yeah, I think it's just a license. It's just a license to access it.
The only thing you have to consider there on your on-premise server is security. Now you're in charge of the security and customer data. So it's what we, oh, I see, yeah. Because the reason why the servers just have a print on it is because our security protocols are, if you ransomware our server, that's fine, we'll just disconnect it and throw it away and hook up the next one because there's nothing on it that we care about. Yeah. But this would change that. Yeah. I have no idea how big of a file this is either.
Like, I don't know what it would take to... So maybe the next step here is we'll set up a session with Joe, and you guys can talk with Joe about this. So I'm leaning on option two, which is what I shared, I think, the last time we all connected. Okay. Yeah, legacy order with sales history. Yeah. Because, like I said, we have a lot of long-term account clients. We need to be able to go back and access all that information. And is that the... I'm sorry to interrupt you, but is that the key differentiator there.
is certain customers, not dates? Like, I don't need the past five years. I just need certain customers. Yeah, I think we would definitely possibly look at scrubbing it. Like, one-offs, I have no... Or if we haven't bought anything from us in four years, and if we're going to have that information on a server somewhere, potentially, then we don't need to bring it into NetSuite. But for active clients... So we just went through this whole exercise. We could actually probably just use that data. We looked at all clients who haven't purchased it from us in the last two years, which means that they're on old terms, and we deactivated them.
So that if they come back and somebody wants to sell them something, they would have to be reactivated by signing new terms. So essentially, we could just look at that same data and say, if it's over two years, it's going to live on the SQL, and if it's within two years, we'll move it over. But somebody that's active, not just what's been purchased in the last two years. So Intuit's been active that entire time, and that's thousands of orders that we're going to want to...
Dodger & Cox has been active that whole time. There's clients that have been heavily active that whole time. So it's not just two years of data. Just anybody who hasn't done anything in two years, we wouldn't want. So one of the deliverables from this discovery process is the data migration strategy, and it sounds like we're starting to form it. So it sounds like level two. How many financial years? Did you say five? Maybe five. Five? Maybe seven if we found it. I think we do.
And then all the entity information like normal. And you guys are okay scrubbing that and cleaning that up? De-duping it? I think the GL is going to happen. Yeah, we just talked through a couple weeks when we get to December. We can go run our account details and save them off for year end. And we'll have 12 months of history next year.
So then the only other thing we need that will inform the SOW, the statement of work for all this, is how many of the transaction detail will we bring it over on the legacy order. So just something to think about there. You said you can bring it over at the line level? Yeah. Millions. For us, it's just one file per order. It's just a JSON file. That would be at least 60,000 orders, don't you think?
We're averaging like 8,000. Or am I thinking transaction lines? Well, we started this core instance at maybe not as many. I think we started this core instance at 5,000. And I think we're at almost 10,000. Okay. As far as order numbers go. Order numbers, yeah. Order numbers at 5,0001, I think.
Yeah, so we're only looking at the order count, not the line count. But that would only be for version 3, right? Or that's version 2? That's level 2, yeah. Level two. Level two, yep. But you're saying like limited level two, right? Well, we could do a data cleanup. Because you know the other thing we should look at in that query is quote never returned. Because how many quotes have we written, that never became anything? Or clients that we wrote a quote for.
that never became clients. And we had to create a project and a quote and a word of reserve. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so we only have six weeks left in our booking year to date for 3,700 orders. Forecast that's in. So 5,000. More than 5,000 in a year. On average times we get seven years, it's 35. Okay, so not that bad. I was thinking lines. Lines will be, that's a different story. You weren't saying line level detail.
Yeah, but it's for us, it doesn't matter. It's more about orders, yeah. So we'll just for now. Basically a packet per order. We'll assume $3,500. We'll finalize it later, but that gives us a good idea of... $3,500 total or per year? Per year. So seven years, $24,500. Oh, sorry. So $25,000. Well, I'm sure a third of those are just into it.
Okay. What are they picking for that? There's two different Knoll chairs. No, they just changed it. You can pick a Knoll chair or a Herman Miller chair. You can pick a high-adjustable desk. You can check a keyboard tray or a monitor arm. I think there's one other thing. But basically, they give them like $600, and they have to make it all work within that budget. So if they want everything, they have to pay the difference. Okay, gotcha. I was going to say, you can get the $600 pretty quick.
With a chair or a table, you can get the $600. A chair alone is $600. That much is blown after the chair. Maybe it's more than 600, but, yeah, you can't get everything. Okay. Yeah, and then it's a flat delivery fee. Okay. And then just so you know how this works with the data migration, we start pretty early with this. So we'll have the data migration strategy that we finalize after discovery, and then we'll start working with you to start getting entity information, pretty much right away.
I know it's a process to clean it up and de-dupe and everything, but we'll do, like, an import pretty early on. That way we've defined the map and saved the map. And then because just before you go live, there's going to be another import for anything that happened between, you know, the time that you started and the time to go live. So those maps will all be saved. But we like to start doing that early. A question made me think on that. Is there any, was it feasible to say, okay, if we wanted to bring seven years,
Years one through three, we did level one. Years four through five, we did level two. And then the last 12 months, we did level three. Oh, potentially on level three. The only problem with level three is that software partner that we use, he has a minimum, and it's like $20,000. So it might not be worth it. But, yeah, you can do that. Yeah, you can. Because I can imagine that being, like, a convenience to be able to, within a year, we might still be referencing that information or working within that information.
We have projects that, like, go for three and a half, four years. Yeah, I was going to say, the deal could still be open. Yeah. It really just depends. Or reacts. Well, and for six months, I mean, basically we need to budget. Talk to all my other partners. So let's, this group, talk about cost right now, okay? So we paid for this week. We paid for this week. then we're gonna pay for more time everybody that's visiting us right now is hourly so we pay for their time hourly the next step is is we have to.
start we have to buy the licenses now wait well before we're able to be in them we have to buy all the licenses for me so they can start to build out our instance and that's and then we're probably going to have double cost for a year of NetSuite and core running side-by-side so there is going to be time probably six months if we hit our target goals where you're going to be having both screens open to work one project it's messy for a full year yeah.
full year after kickoff or move over or school year from kickoff I'll say for the finance team it's for that final year it's messy because they're doing financial consolidation because you saw those projects in, or any of the projects in NetSuite. So one thing you can do though, is you can import those journal entries and do all your financial reporting inside NetSuite. So that helps a little bit, but it's extra work for sure on the finance team, and then the rest of your team.
as those other projects run out. So the other- We could start to reduce access based off of, so we could kick PMs out at one point, maybe sooner than others. We could like start to, if the last people that would be in there would be finance and the whole system. And so we just completely pull the plug. Yeah, exactly. And then the other thing there to consider is, cause you have projects that are kind of long-term, like you said, three years. So you could start making decisions now about,
well, we have to still talk about go-life date and target. And I'm starting to get a better idea of the complexity of the project. So we can have a bit more important conversation, but you can start thinking now about like, okay, this project that is slated to go a year, well, let's phase it and let's plan on- phase two finishing up before the go live or right around the go live and phase three and four we do in that suite um so you can kind of strategize that way so um it's not open so long in core yeah because part of me wants to strategize off of like when things are going to book.
off of our forecast of like what's going to be booked in core versus what's going to be booked in that suite um so that we can get ahead of it so maybe we don't have projects split between the two um and we can just let a project run out in core if we're going to already have it for a whole year anyways we might as well just have see if we can not split projects between the two so you know if it's a core project or a net suite project so even if it's already gone go live from like net suite you still we know that we have like a day two order that we need to get processed to finish.
a project out what about or not a day two if it's a day two we should, Say we have a quote that we've built in Core NetSuite. Is there a tool to move that quote into NetSuite? Or is that something that has to be done? Well, I mean, if you have the SIF file, it's just as easy as importing the SIF file. But it would be a manual creation.
We don't have a, yeah. Hopefully, you should have the customer inside NetSuite. Yeah. Yeah, so, yeah. Is there a sandbox, like, of NetSuite before you go live for people to? No, we don't actually like to use a sandbox for your implementation, because the sandbox costs you money, and the whole thing just costs you money. After you go live, getting a sandbox is a good idea. And the reason why I say this is we can do everything in production,
and before we go live, we erase everything, all the transactions, any of the test data we use. erase it but when you use a sandbox it costs extra money and then you deploy everything into the sandbox we make all our changes all our tweaks and then you have to do the exact same thing in production and there's a whole nother set of validation it really increases the project time and the project hours and just ends up costing more money.
yeah you'll have you'll have access during the implementation so we do recommend it to like you get to the process walkthrough phase because that that means we've configured everything we validated everything so we don't want you, in there and working on something that's broken but we do the process walkthroughs and at that point you guys have access and then you have uat and you can kind of do whatever the heck you want and that phase is pretty long that's like the most work for you guys because i feel like that's like and it's never been as this complex but where we've tried to roll other things out there just.
was not ever enough testing and then yeah that's good to know i like to hear you say that it just tells me we need to really make sure that we emphasize the education phase yeah yeah and the uat is pretty thorough it's going it's you're doing your use store user stories and by role, and so um we spend a lot of time on that is there like a beta component is that where we're like.
where you actually would try to do a project and to do it twice do it in core and do it in, not for real, but then that way you're doing the process so you can actually see all the steps, and validate the workflow that we've, or the processes that we have designed. I don't know about in core, but certainly in NetSuite you will. So there will be a user story that you use for UAT and you'll start right from the beginning, do the whole end-to-end walkthrough and validate as you go.
So that gets broken down into smaller steps, but then there's, I bet that's not what you're asking. Oh, no, no, I think it is. Okay. On the core side, I just mean, we actually. Like with a real project that's already in core. Yeah. We'll just do the same step. Just take the same data and use it in the new system. Yeah, that's a good way to test it. Okay. We could do that, yeah. Same SIF file. And we usually do use your SIF file for the walkthrough.
I am gonna just step aside for a moment to go use the restroom. I shall return. No. Oh, you gotta go too? Oh, I was gonna have you. through all the questions. Sorry, we'll be right back. Too much coffee.
Oh, you're that, the treatment.
The end will be worth it. Tears and Matthew of Teeth, for sure. We should just laugh. Yeah. Every time somebody cuts me off in my two-hour day commute or does something, I just say Merry Christmas and it makes me laugh every time. Like, yeah, it's going to be funny. Like, the whole thing is stupid. It's going to be funny. Do you have any sense of an appropriate go-live time frame?
Any hard deadlines, core renewals? When is our core renewal? I don't know that we have. I think it's just a month or two. We definitely have a contract because I have a copy of it somewhere. I don't remember renewing it, like, ever. Well, we've never signed a new contract. No, no, no, I mean, I know we pay a bill every month, but I'm saying, I don't remember being happy about this entity. The last time we signed it, it was Ann Johnson who signed it.
I mean, would it probably be when we went to Core 5? No, it was when we built this instance of Core. Oh, so then I can look on the folders I have right now. I know I scanned it at some point because I inherited the paper version of it. And again, it's one of those great things where I think I have Ann's signature, but I don't have the final document of both signatures. I have a lot of that. Very helpful.
Ann didn't believe in using folders. She just thought you just dump it and then the search would be so good that it would find it. Very trusting of the search. Have you worked in Box before? Yeah, the worst search system possible. And most expensive. well but if you can I just need to know that information so when I go back and I talk to our director of professional services we can start laying out, timeframes and things like that yeah I would say like we move pretty quick this.
week I think we're probably looking at four to six weeks for discovery to get to the end of BRD and then what that what does that where are we November so, probably second quarter of next year is probably what we're looking at I know I'm giving you a range there but to go live yeah yeah well because we're.
starting. I'll second. Yes. Well, second quarter sometime would be six to eight. Yeah. It might not be at the beginning of second quarter, but in the second quarter. Yep. I have confidentiality agreements from 2016, a statement of work from 2017,
which is when we built on our current. Yeah, I just have projects, open budget, signed by. I have a, I think I have an actual, but again, it's only signed on one side, so. we can work on that. Okay. I don't know that our business is cyclical like that.
The first quarter does tend to be slower, but that's not even a guarantee. It's not like the retail. It's just really volatile. We know when we do quarter close, you're in. I mean, if anything, I'd say the last quarter you tend to see a little bit of an uptick because clients who are on calendar years then realize, oh, we have budget left.
They tend to want to exhaust their budget in the beginning. So just so you guys have an idea of what's kind of coming up next, so we start immediately working on the session notes, the transcripts, the BRDs. We start kind of building out the framework for the BRDs, Chris and I do. We'll bring in a PM to get involved on the project as well.
So that'll probably either be Debbie or Tom. And then so you'll start seeing a PM getting involved because we have a whole bunch of follow-up sessions to schedule. We need to be managed. Yeah, we do need to be managed. So then we'll be scheduling up a series of sessions, and we'll talk some more about that if it makes sense to have them so like they're recurring at the same time or if they're ad hoc. It kind of depends what's going to work best for you guys. So sometimes we do like twice a week for an hour and a half, two hours.
The follow-up sessions actually are usually an hour, hour and a half. They're not usually that long. And we did quite a bit this week. Like we got through quite a bit. So we're going to be in really good shape. But we'll be working actively right away towards getting to the BRDs. And then as we complete one, we give it to you. So we don't wait till they're all completed. We do one BRD per process area. That way you have it in hand and you guys can start reviewing it. We give it to you as a word.
doc. You can make comments. We track changes. So you can redline, make comments, ask for clarification. It's usually a back and forth collaboration until we get that BRD ready to be signed. And that becomes the blueprint for the implementation team. And then after discovery, after that's signed, you will have consultants working with you during the implementation. Chris and I do kind of begin to fade into the background a little bit. Your PM will stay the.
same and you'll have some consultants working with you. And then we are always available at any point for if you have questions or communication. But we do tend to come back towards the end when it's time to go live. So we're participating in that. And then your go live is going to be, you can opt to have the team on site, or it can be done remote. And it really kind of comes down to, at that point, how confident you guys feel about the project, your team, the training, where you guys feel like you're at.
My experience has been, some people are like, yeah, we got this. What we do is we open up a Teams channel or something, Zoom or Teams, and it's just open. And if you have questions, we have people monitoring it and answering questions, so you have some remote support. And then other people are just like, no, at least at our primary location, we'd like you there for the five days, so you can run around and help people if there's questions and problems. So we can do it either way. Through COVID, we did everything remote, so we have those processes kind of, yeah.
The hard thing is we have three offers. And that'll be something to think about, too. The majority, I mean, four or less are here. Yeah. Nice. I mean, everything I saw today, nothing made me panic. And everything we've talked about for the last three days. I mean, obviously, there's still unknowns.
And what's hot to us all right now might be different than what it is in the past. The time entry is a big pain in the ass. I want to understand that in much more detail. But everything else I feel like is just what we're already doing. It just looks different. Kimmy, what were your haunts? Wow. Yeah. I don't know. I think salespeople, until you take access away from the old one, they tend to default to the old one. I mean, we saw that with CAP and Project Spec.
And even with Zendesk. And I don't know. I... Well, maybe we need to change their permissions. Oh, yeah. There'll be... We'll just... Yeah. And maybe one of the first things we roll out in Orion is the CRM and forecasting. Maybe we just get rid of Zendesk and move them all over that, and that's what they start working in is forecasting. That's a brilliant idea. I think that's really good. We have a dealer who did that.
That's very basic, no GL impacts. I guess we have to decide, do we want that Zendesk data? I already exported it and put it in the folder. I mean, it's not live data anymore, obviously, but just as an example. So let's just make that the plan. Phase one is... And then they'll get used to the environment. Yeah, the GMs will get used to putting the reports in it. And they'll see the possibility of all the filtering and sorting and access to information, which will hopefully, whether pilot, will be exciting.
Yeah. Let's go through a level of dramatics. So we're going to have sales at the top of that. I'm going to put PC's in the number two position. Sorry, I'm going to put finance in the number three position, and then account management. Okay, well then let's take care of the biggest criers first.
Because they're not really in core that much. I know Owen will go there and queue data. I don't think Olivia's in it at all anymore, but I could be wrong. Chris, I don't think he knows how to use it. Yeah, so our biggest, our three biggest customers in volume and in other ways. I think PC's. Yeah, it does. PC's are going to be the most heavily impacted.
They work well. I'm sorry, I definitely want them to get those because they're trainers. They get trainers. We have to figure out also the strategy of when to bring in trainers. Because if we bring them in too early, they're going to start poking holes and want to manipulate. And I'd rather just say, here's the system. Begin adapting. I like the idea, too, of the CRM.
We have workbooks that are 500 pages of step-by-step how to do things. Because if you do the CRM out of the gate, too, you're getting the GMs in there. And then the GMs would become your advocates. Yeah. It's not so bad. You're going to be okay. I've been in it. Oh, my God. The time entry is going to have assistance, too, if you have open order. And time entry is difficult right now.
Time entry is not difficult. Time entry reporting is difficult, and how it ties back to a project is difficult. So that's, that's like, that's, sorry, I'm trying to, I VP'd it into San Jose, and I'm trying to change a monitor image right now because it's showing the end-retirement photo. Two years ago. No, it's on a barcode, I just did it. Um, last two bars, let's look at that barcode, it has 12 years of service, I think it's going to be in last year of service.
Um, there's a lot of stuff. Yeah. Design, budget, and then let's excel.