The history of the comments. The email communication? It will be in email, but it will be in the system. Currently it's in, like when you do it, currently it's, like Google, they're just doing those comments live in Google Drive with the document forever. She's saying with those, is there any kind of similar thing in that suite? Yeah, so there's a couple of them to each other. Or you can do email communication in the system to each other. And all that communication is there as well.
Or there's another feature called sticky notes. You can actually put a virtual sticky note on it and communicate with each other. I think you're going to want to...
Yeah, we'll keep it in the system so you have access to it, yeah. Okay. Oh my god. That's what we're doing. Okay. It looks like Power BI, but it's not. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. Thanks for sending. I was like, what? Are you crazy? How would you know?
It will, I promise. Hey, Marcus. Yes, sir. So, I've done this to you. This is... It looks like Power BI, but it's not. We have our monthly numbers on top, year-to-date numbers on bottom. I'd like to see if people can put something together in NetSuite to add on to the entire BI. Yeah, it actually looks like... What's the difference between the two bars?
Well, the solid color is current year. Oh, okay. Year over year. Year over year. So this we can absolutely do in NetSuite. The KPIs we can do in NetSuite. You know, one slide for bookings, and then one slide for billing. Yeah. Yeah, and then we have our backlog. Now, the backlog by time frame. By time frame. Yeah, like... It's dynamic, you said. It's dynamic. So you guys... So I think Corey must do some type of snapshot with that.
We have to manually do a snapshot every month, then we keep the number static. Yeah, we might do something like that. We were looking at a really sophisticated query. to get it so we were debating like should we write that query or should we just do a snapshot because we've had other people answer the exact same thing and that is something that the bank wants is backlog we're going to have to send them our reports now month over month backlog, i'm not sure yet our backlog is dynamic right now yeah yeah.
um i'm not 100 sure i'm going to be here in person tomorrow but i wanted to say thank you and it was a pleasure to meet you because i might see you guys on the tv tomorrow okay but i wanted to thank you very much these were fantastic yeah yeah we are too you guys are you guys are a great partner feel very good about it and larry we'll have more conversations about revenue and cogs yeah thank you that's all i can say.
So, interestingly enough, I used to work with NetSuite to post epoch variants. So they have a dashboard, but it does the exact same thing. It's based on the three-year match, identifies the variances, it will post variances to whatever variances you have on the data record. But it's the same thing, you recognize that those various accounts are usually a several-time cost. But anyway, when I looked into it, I was going to use that,
because it doesn't allow you to take a project, but it'll allow you to post those variances, even if the product has a bit of a tilt. So you can post a variance to cost, and recognize cost, even though the main product doesn't have a tilt. I was like, I don't want to do that. I don't want to post my variances in a scenario that I didn't recognize the original cost. so we made our own dashboard criteria it's really weird but i think it's an oversight by not being.
still able to do that they have that gr and i um account yeah all the irs could be yeah we need rereading that all right we're gonna do the bar.
All right, you ready? Yeah, is there somewhere we're supposed to walk? Is there somewhere we're supposed to walk? I want to get in there. Is it better for us to walk somewhere and get in, or will they come through the building? They will? Okay.
You were tired this morning. I was. I had a sleep of good last night. No, I didn't have. I slept pretty. I had a headache. I don't have my pillow. I have one of those like contour pillows. When I don't have that, my neck gets messed up and I get a headache. I work up a little more. And whenever I get hot, I get a little more comfortable and I sleep.
It was, I mean, my room was sticky.
three and a half over yeah oh cool wait this is enough isn't it i want to try it.
all right thank you uh two of us yeah yeah uh michigan thank you very much. there it goes it's a jaguar see you now it's blinkers on oh it's in.
Yeah, I got the Waymo app, but it's just about to burst just around the city. I just really want to take the BART to the airport. That would be, I think that's better.
I figure, take your mail for tomorrow? Yeah, I hope so. He's reminding me of these groups.
There were some times where it went through clear and I got it through before you. Oh, that is terrible. Then I think it came out good. Yeah, mine does too, and I saw it. Oh, my God.
so what did you guys think i think they really so the work order doesn't have any.
questions i think they're just waiting for the subcontractors it was very informal. i would say that that is not good.
dropped straight to the bottom line the other thing.
When you bring it in, it's $60,000. How often do they do that? They do that every one or two.
Yeah, she loved our water in the flood. We got pump e-mails. Did you get some mums? We got so many mums. Did you know that, and I just learned this this week, one of their... so what a nerd that's not the first horticultural knowledge i've given you that's true you are very.
horty horticulture they well just my 19th or it was copper so.
janet and gary you guys already did some of the training does it help i imagine, helping just to be in session and hear and go deeper with all of it. What do you think would help? I mean, I know working with the dealers directly in some working sessions with that, but what else would help to get you guys up to speed? I was thinking about this, Terry. I was.
thinking about this and I was trying to think, well, how could we get up to speed faster? You, know, obviously we picked up a lot in these sessions. There are certain things that you guys have designed in Orion versus using native NetSuite that I think one implementation, just to understand, I don't know if we need to understand. understand the why but just because you can even see some of the questions I'm asking like okay.
that's how that's how Native NetSuite does or NetSuite modules do but you designed it into Orion, right like why did we see here yes yes exactly and just rename it a little bit you know like, accrued purchases why is it not just those little things I think those things are just in the.
industry is why that things were done that way for the most part it's becoming more clear but really understanding mine picks up yeah I don't see a good there's not a clue I don't think there's a clear boundary there I think there's one there's very few things that are just NetSuite or I mean it's all connected email Gary by the way you can move back, way back if you want. You look like you're really operating. Yeah, you got plenty of room back here.
I'm a happy man now. You got plenty of room. Even still, I feel like I got... Did you want to sit here? Well, we could also do a walkthrough of the system kind of. That would be good. I could stand. Well, you know, it's like we've always talked about doing a full walkthrough. I know. We're gonna like do that in one of our.
on-site working sessions. I mean, I don't know if you guys, you guys are probably with them, but I don't know if we will, but if we could be a part of it, whatever. Oh, yeah. Whenever you guys are on with them, that would be... Also, new rule. I don't care what the customer says. We're not using... Like, we have to, they can all, we'll invite everyone they want. I think so. Yeah, I think so too. But they have, we have to be in, because I have a very low.
And you heard what he said, that when he was in there last time, it's going to take days to get these uploaded for you guys. He did email us the other one yesterday. Oh, he did? Oh, good. Wasn't there only two? There's two. Wasn't there only two? Oh, wasn't there only two sessions? Yeah. I thought there was three. Oh, I just don't even know if we can stop the recording between sessions. I don't know. Today is going to be it. I know. You got my point. I get your point. Today is going to be a great one.
Well, I can break it out by time stamp and, like, save it in text files. Yeah. And I would like to meet up with you guys and walk through the creation of the project. clawed and start dumping the transcripts in there and props so you can kind of see how we're doing that like debbie went through it a little bit in that call with in you and rack but it felt a little.
hairy yeah it was hard to understand what was going on i figured you know i'll just get in there and play around with it i mean i talked to him for a while the other day it's interesting i. dumped anything in there yet all right oh don't do that.
i mean we could we could have probably should have walked to the ferry yeah this is probably what they were talking i feel like things get a lot of when matt is there it's just like oh yeah for sure we're not doing that he just he's not the michael volney he's easy to work with he's got to.
do that i mean the easiest the most pleasant the most people that i've ever been in an invitation, So like I mean even people who normally are excited about NetSuite have some grumbling. Yeah, you know what I mean? They're very open to pretty much everything when he seems a little bit concerned.
Winnie the little little Kimmy. Oh, is it Kim? Yeah. Yeah Yes. She's doing a lot of other people's jobs and that's what I pick up on anyway So they are using work orders now. Sorta. Sorta. What people remember, Yeah, it'll be in it kind of surprises me with all the other process.
The DMs, the installation group. They don't have what? That's the right word. They don't hold them accountable. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Oh, right. Which maybe that's just taking time to do it, because they can't afford to lose them. Well, it may be hard to do at this current system. Look, you can't afford to lose these people. You force it down them, and they'll go somewhere else. Yeah, that's true. But it makes it hard for an implementation.
That's why I always bribe them. Like, people that, like, you have to win over, I'll be like, hey, I'll make a workflow for you. I'll automate that for you. I'll build that dashboard for you. Okay? Well, you must have handled it well. it was taking taking kip a couple minutes to wrap his mind around the revenue cost.
recognition thing but that's okay lorraine's actually like really she's fine people in this in this world the way they're used to the core and everything.
tonight oh no what are those oh the tapas little tiny plates a little small appetizer remember there's barbecue too i do barbecue oh yeah i don't care no i don't i'm good as long as it's not spicy.
what's the name of the place chris uh what was the tapas that sounds like a sand topless hey. Lamarca. Yeah, that's it. What's rated higher, them or the barbecue? I don't know. I'm looking at the top. You look at the barbecue. Yeah, Chris. Yeah, you're trying to guess. Everett and Jones. Everett.
and Jones is 4.4. 4.4. I'm not so sure we're going to want to eat. That looks weird. Paella. It's my Spanish food. Oh, no thanks. It says Spanish.
Which one are you talking about though? The tapas place. Yeah, that. Or Mexicano. Oh, okay. It doesn't matter to me. That's the only one I remember. Crispy Monterey squid.
Oh, you like calamari? That's what this is. Oh, I love calamari. I love calamari too, but it's crispy Monterey squid, cumin salt with squid ink aioli. Squid ink. Wow. I don't know. It is called calamaris. Oh, right. Maybe it's, you know, you just ate all of it. Just regular calamari. Yeah, that's what it looks like.
Squid ink on the menu. A lot of squid ink on the menu. I know. You see it a lot on the Food Network. They put it in. Really? I don't know what, I don't know what the taste is. I never really hear it. I don't know if it's like a... I'm going to get the hands on it. I'm going to squeeze it right up. And I got lambs.
I heard back that 1.7 is going one generation today I don't know if anything that's where you get oh work oh yeah there's a convergence that has that I mean the tipsy the tipsy yeti restaurant.
is that the one you went to is that near our hotel food they got it doesn't have a ton of reviews oh it's uh nepal nepalese nepal but also pizza burgers yeah they have like all kinds of.
So, Marcus, what NetSuite SKU are you using? I'll extend that better. Now we're using Financial... Financial First or Financial First? Yeah, Financial Premium. Financial Starter First. I mean, the whole renaming was... But we have been using Retail Premium forever, but then they changed it. So it's Financial First, and then we add the Advanced Inventory Module.
And you configure all of that before you start configuring? Uh, yes. So when they partition the instance, the guy can configure it like he normally would. Yeah, there's a blueprint. It's pretty simple. We're eventually going to script it, but... Yep. And then there's actually an installation checklist, because before we can install our suite apps, we have to do that configuration, and we have to import the chart of accounts. And then we do the install of the suite apps, and then we give it back to the implementation team. They have to do a couple of things, and there's kind of a dance back and forth.
Well, I mean, that suite's got them in deployment guides that walk you through step-by-step on whatever this is. Now, do you go ahead and also do the dashboards that come with that suite success, or do you hold off on any of that? Yeah, we hold off on the dashboards because we've built a whole bunch of our own components. What about the roles that come with that? Do they have some pre-configured roles? Do you just hold off on that as well?
Yeah, we have our own roles and permissions, 25 of them. they all have to be tweaked for sure during implementation and renamed those are all part of it and then we have our own custom forms we have our own custom fields like well we have a data set that has to be installed so there's a lot of are you installing them are you doing them as bundles or are you doing this sweet sweet apps there's like five sweet ups total so sweet sweet.
apps you go in and activate all the other roles or you just you just leave them there oh no i'm sorry we do inactivate the old roles yeah we inactivate all the old roles and what about those forms you know i don't know what we do we have our own forms i don't know what we do with uh well the standard standard ones always stay, yeah so we just set up creating that form and then we have like a whole field.
set that comes in the one tricky thing is the items we really need to import the items but for whatever reason they keep getting messed up because if you don't choose the appropriate costing method because they're Latin oh yeah you got to start over so that's happened more than once everything is going to be a lot numbered inventory item except the service items lot numbers are.
automatically assigned to the items by the system so that's we doesn't have a new you ID for each line item it's really weird how to do it so you can't natively track an item all the way through, We create our own UUID at the time of quote, like when you imported the quote. And then when the earliest time, that you can generate a lot number is on a PO.
So we take that UUID and assign it as the lot number. It's always unique. And then- You mentioned today doing the, like a batch fulfillment. Since everything is serialized, how does it know if there's multiple select? It's all, it's not serial, it's all lot. Yeah. So how does it know one lot that there's two?
Yeah, yeah, I don't think the batch one works for them, actually, now that I think about it. Cause they're gonna have to decide. They're trying to do 200 lines at a time. That's a lot of clicks. Yeah, well, the lot numbers are already... I don't think that would be a problem. But if there's two lots, what's the trigger? What's the logic or the rule for which one to... Well, when the item is put on there, isn't it going to have the lot?
Yeah. Some of that item detail, typically you have to tell it what lot number you want. Oh, yeah, that's true. If there's only one, it's not a problem. Right, exactly. There is only one lot number per item. That's okay. That whole process the way they do their house fulfillment thing, that's weird.
bit unusual because they don't have their own operations they're going to have to they're going to have to tighten their process up a little bit yeah i think there should be some kind of back and forth with the warehouse and someone to have that sounds like it's a one-way process here pick, these items and send them and then they don't really know yeah they ever did it they kind of hopefully get the feedback exactly but they are telling them when they're going to do that when.
when they're supposed to do the delivery right so that's what i was saying you could you could generate that in a fulfillment then and predate it i didn't want to ask it there because i didn't want to get in that discussion but let's just say that you predate it for the last day of the month but for whatever reason it doesn't physically move to the first day of the next period is there a. There definitely is a mismatch between periods.
How are you even going to know? That's why I didn't ask the question. But, I mean, you know, you're kind of assuming something happens. And during the period, it's not going to be that big a deal. But on the last one or two days, if something doesn't happen and it crosses periods, how do you? Because you're now all of a sudden going to have the cost of goods recognized in a different period than maybe you did the revenue. That's the only thing I was trying to think of. It seems like to me at this point, I mean, like you said, they should tighten their process.
But at this point, it just seems like they're not even, a few days is not even a big thing, right? They can just put it wherever they want. If it crosses over into the following period, that process that I told them about accruing for revenue or accruing for cost, that'll pick it up. Okay. But what could happen is, and they'll have to be careful of, is. changing the date of the item of fulfillment after the fact because if they change it and they've already accrued.
They're going to accrue themselves. So we'll probably end up having to launch that or something. They have no concept. No, CORE doesn't. I mean, I get the naming change, but really it's the, shipping in NetSuite that, that hits cost of goods sold fulfillment. Right, it has to be shipped first.
Yeah, so, you know, native NetSuite, you've got your... We rename that to pick, stage, delivered, and installed. So that's like just a normal NetSuite installation. I always tell people, when it goes to that ship status, it's a cost of goods. So these people, if they had their own warehouses, it would be totally different. They would be doing, because they would be shipping, they would be fulfilling and shipping.
Yeah. So that's the weird thing about things at the warehouse. They don't really, they're not really privy to that whole. Right. And then, yeah, and we've seen that with other dealers, where it's, they don't invest a whole lot of time in project managing their subcontractors. You know, when they were talking about the drop ship versus the direct ship, I thought that was just the opposite of it. It didn't make sense to me.
And it backwards. I do too. From what Netsuite called it, Netsuite's calling drop ship, like, basically like retail, right from the manufacturer. Yeah, yeah. And it does that combination of transactions with a drop ship. It does inventory. Well, it bypasses, so they recognize the cost of the vendor bill, which is unfortunate, kind of throws things off.
Yeah, because I had the white paper that you had sent me yesterday up in front of me as you were walking through. I mean, it wasn't as formative as what you shared, but it was... Yeah, I wanted you to have that, too, so when you're talking with Barb, this is going to be a huge deal for Barb. Yeah. Did you see Barb's email today? Yeah, I'm giving her some... I'm going to send her some. Oh, the one that she said, these questions feel like they're from a template. She did? Yeah.
That's kind of funny. They probably are. No, that came off Gary's head. Don't be, she sounds like a real tree, you guys. There are questions that are going to come up that if we, I mean, you want to ask them now because. You're trying to get ahead of her. Well, she was begging for questions. I mean, not everything's coming.
There's some things that are just fundamental, foundational. That first CLR.
He's critiquing the questions. Why don't you just answer them, Barb? Why don't you wish you could just say what you want to? Hey, Barb, like, every thought that comes to your head, you don't have to say it all. I was telling Gary we had this, you know, the custom about doing something...
didn't agree with it, right? Not that it wasn't possible or that it wasn't, you know, something you could do in next week. Just that she didn't agree with it, she would just say, no, you can't do that. She got in trouble pissing off customers. I told her one day, I said, why can't you just, yeah, is that what you want to do? She said, because I don't like it. I don't like it. Okay,
well, you might be in the wrong business. So, yeah, it's kind of like you going through the financial management slide. It's like, yeah, just want to confirm. There's some things you just want to confirm, right? Because if you don't ask, it's going to get you at some point.
you know what i mean well i think we should just we just need to hightail it through this yeah, and get into discovery she wanted to do discovery actually doing this pre-discovery was sean and bill's idea because we were trying to give them an sow and they're like well we don't they did all this documentation we haven't reviewed the documentation so we don't know what the discovery is going to be like so they were like let's just review the documentation first and we'll get a bucket of hours to do that she was also like why how many things i can't answer that's what we're.
going to make, That's why we're going to, I'll read these. Yeah, some of those questions where she says, I don't know, because I don't know nuts, we'll save those for discovery.
to force us to recreate everything. No. She's going to struggle internally with that. The answer is going to be no. She's already agreed that she wants to adapt to the run. She said both. Hold it to adapt. Now there will be, because they have a whole other department that other dealers don't. They have that CUR studio. And we'll build all kinds of stuff for that.
That's totally legit. Yeah, I hope there's all kinds of work that comes from that that's proprietary to them and unique. But when it comes to, like she might, I'm trying to think of one big example. She might look at the client quote approval and go, I don't like that. I want you to redo it for us. The answer is no. No. Well, I shouldn't say no.
Yeah, we'll do it for you. The cost is X, and that's not going into Orion. We already have our version of Orion. You want your own, you can pay for it. That's going to inflate the SOW. But they can also use DocuSign. From what I understand, they historically have a propensity to just say yes to their salespeople.
Salespeople see something shiny and want it, and they say yes. So they've built out a whole bunch of custom stuff, and it seems like they want to get away from it. Preach discipline. At the end of the day, she starts pushing back and giving us attitude. Maybe it'll go. you already think this is going to take two or three years anyway so that's where like i wish i.
could just have a really transparent conversation with an easy yo and be like hey denise i want this to cross double what it needs to i'll leave barb on the project otherwise put warner in charge.
Gary, I'd like to talk to you a little bit more about that statement of understanding. Because I'm thinking, like, basically the purpose of that is for us to acknowledge, okay, we've got all your documentation, we reviewed it, great job, this is going to cut down on discovery time. That's basically what it is. It doesn't replace discovery, but it's going to cut down on discovery time. So, like, for each area, we can do, we can summarize our findings, we can, like, somehow figure out a way to complement them on their documentation,
and then come up with some kind of measurement that says, we estimate that this is going to save us 20% of the time over traditional discoveries. It's just something that... Hey, we read the documentation, trained ourselves on it. We're getting a head start in discovery and a great job. You're a good job. Yeah, you're great, Barb.
And then she can take that and show it to everybody. And it's legit. I mean, the woman she hired, her name was Gina. She didn't know Orion, but she had it. And then I think she got tired of working with Barb. And then the discovery approach is basically like we need to think about how many more sessions dissipate for each of these process areas.
where we already have documentation versus the departments or processors that don't have documents. Again, the documents. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. But instead of five sessions, we might only need two or three. Yeah, that's all I mean. Okay. Yeah, we need to validate everything with SME.
There will be decisions that need to be made. They're only telling us current state. We now need to say, well, here's the potential for future state, and here's the... So, yeah, there's still work to be done in every department. We can loop back on some of that.
He was on the call and we walked through the sink.
Bye-bye.
I mean, I wasn't expecting any money. Does it leave, what, straight? Tell me how, how does it, were you all...
And then Cam had practice. No, I said he had the health practice. Small-sided.
Oh, that's fine. Still small-sided. Did you, um... They played themselves.
You crooked dorks.
Something reminds me of Romeo and Juliet.
Well, once you turn, once you're in your 70s, you'll probably go back to what you were doing in the 70s. I did turn 70.
I think he did it a couple times when he was younger, but yeah, he never did it. I don't like him. I think he was like, you know, I'm going to die pretty soon. I might as well try it. What's the worst that's going to happen? I get addicted for a couple years. I'm going to retire. Then we went camping out in Montana. I can't tell you what it is.
I took his camper. We went up in the mountains. I thought this river was a beautiful area. I set up a fire. We're hanging out. We need some guns. He pulls out his grappa, drinks his grappa, smokes his weed. Then he goes, I'm tired. I've got to go. It was like 7.30. I was like, okay. I just sit out there by myself for another hour. You go to sleep, wake up the next morning, make another fire, fish a little bit, and.
sleep until 11 o'clock. Then you wake up the next morning and go, alright, let's go home. Pothead. That's how much a dad needs. Yeah.
I was thinking that we would be faster than taking the ferry, but I don't know. I think we're on the other side now. We're in Oakland, aren't we?
I like to check in on your well-being. Yeah, I could go over there. Not really. I might just go take a nap.
Motorcycle broke. You know what's going to happen? Somebody's going to get kicked in the door and they're going to try to kick you. Did you ever eat a booger to chop? No, no, no. Let me ask you, did you get like the pretzels?
It's all meat. What's the other one? Texas neighbors. Well, I mean, no, they have a great salad bar. So they come to the table and kind of clean it? Yeah. You got the green, red. As long as it's green, it's good. Do a, you gotta fast for three days to four days, like. We went to some place like that in Minneapolis,
Gallatin and I, because we had a conference there. And I was, I didn't even feel like I ate that much, but I was hurting. I don't have the ability to do that anymore. My little baby tummy. You guys share. I know. Eat a whole mess. Oh. Love you, T.A.O.
Went to the car. $0.95 for a... Yeah. Whoops.
It'll have a high-resolution screen on the right one.
Really? I'm interested in some 100% technology from Apple. I'm searching for Apple. I'm so embedded in their ecosystem and they just don't seem to innovate at all.
If there's somebody else to innovate, then they dream.
Yeah, I'm going to go with millions. 1.3 is that one. This one up here on the right is the other one. the right of 1.6. This one, what do you think this is? Like 1.2 million, I'll tell you what,
$1,500? Well, it's not that nice here. I wonder, like, I can't afford 1.2 million. We have a two-income household.
How about we go ahead and crash that one?
No, sir. There you go.
Thank you.
If I don't make it down in time, don't wait for me, just text me where you're going. I need to call.
No, I guess. Is that working?
That's not working either. Okay, hey, hey, check this out. Oh, yeah, so you're married.
I think he's 320.
I'm 328. you know why they stopped working because both of our stuff working thank you thank you.
Do you have any comments here? I'll read one. I'll get you one myself. That's where you guys are going. We'll meet you there. Thank you.
No, I'm going to ask you one question.
Hi, how are you? Yeah? I'm sorry, I got... Yeah, I just got back. I had to go to the bathroom. It takes fucking forever. I think we left at like... Oh my God, it was like probably quarter after four.
And we just got here like five minutes ago, two minutes ago? Like an hour and a half. To go 15 miles with that. Well, we just have to go there in the morning, and then the airport, we don't have to, we don't have to cross back, you know, it's not until 11.
Yeah, so we're going to wrap up a little early tomorrow. I know, we're going to be another $800. We'll try that. Um, but by then, let's just stay at the office and work, because we can't go to the airport too early.
because we can't get there before the flight leaves at 3 o'clock. Yep, stay there, dinner time, and then go to the airport.
They're meeting for dinner. I'll be there. Everybody's so tired, so they want to eat dinner anyway, so they can go to bed. So how are you doing? Yeah.
I'll text them. Well, I did text them earlier today. How are you feeling? Feel okay?
Oh yeah, yeah, I could do that pretty soon too.
It's not on you, but okay. Yeah, that's my dad. He's my mom.
Here's what they would ask for. I feel, I don't know, you're the captain of the ball.
You've got to play the game around and do the mockery.
to see how everybody's being at home and how, really, hopefully we can.
That was good.
Don't you want to see my face? You want to see your face? Alright. No, all right. I love you