in Zendesk, when our business development team gets a lead, whether it's like from even a tenant's in the market list or they're talking to a broker or an A&D firm and they know something's coming, the amount of information that they decide to input on that lead in Zendesk varies widely. Like some people will put activities or tasks or contacts in their lead in Zendesk. Some people will not. Some people are actually working and you have other people that are just licking everything and calling it theirs. Yeah. Gotcha. There's another thing in Zendesk that I think.
would be really helpful for future marketing and sales enablement opportunities, which is, I think if marketing had more insight into, what some of those leads are and could see and track over time the sectors and how the market is changing then it would be easier for that team to create proactively create content target it but then also going back to what you were talking about with the email content like being able to have that insight to.
proactively create targeted email yep material yeah like if we could see like okay here's all of our contacts in the broker world great here's our once a month or once a quarter we're posting our current market rates that we're seeing like by tier you know like things like that or don't have targeted campaigns right now we have a one-size-fits-all so when we do send something out the same package no matter what your role is or and the click rates aren't great.
like the click rates aren't great so there's just really no way right now to target mm-hmm so, you, And you would want to target, like, a certain content in the database based on their role, whether they're a GC or... Role and sector. Vertical market? Yeah, vertical market. I think we see healthcare spreading upwards. We want to be able to tailor our message to... Yeah. Well, like, Alex's market is different than Jill's market, which is different from Kate's market, so we want to be able to tailor those markets... By location.
By location and by what their focus may be. Yeah. The other thing that we run into with that, just not on the marketing side, but just on the communication side, like, if we need to email just clients a change in rates, we need to email vendors a change in process. Like, right now we have to manually pull all that information, load all that in, which, MailChimp gets really pissed off when you try to load it in Excel because they think you're going to spam a bunch of people. Yeah. And then most of it bounces anyways. So, like, being able to control just communication in general, whether it's marketing specific.
or... Whatever. And this is sort of a... But will this also then manage our surveys? Yeah, we talked about that earlier. Yeah. So the vendor... Nolan has a customer service survey. That communication to your partners can all be done in Nutsuite pretty easily. When you're doing email marketing, the one thing to consider is the subscription status, because they need to be opted in. Yeah, and that's what we haven't been able to figure out how to do with Core.
Yeah. Because we're collecting that information in that new client form, or it's being entered in manually by an account manager or a salesperson, there's no chain of control for that data. It just gets put in, and because we're not emailing through Core, we're pulling that information down and uploading it. So I've never understood how you get somebody to opt in if they're just like... Yeah, so if it's like transactional communication or informational communication related to...
orders or anything like that you don't they don't have to opt into that it's only when you're going to be doing some type of email campaign and I'm sure who's doing MailChimp right now okay so they probably have gone through some type of opt-in campaign no to their recipients because there's all these what does it span what is it called can't span or whatever all these rules around who you can email market to yeah what does the system even allow.
yeah if you can give a reason why or basically state that like I'm not