So, we have this utility that allows you to write a business rule and then apply it to a quote and if it meets the criteria of the business rule, the business rule is applied and then it has to get approved by somebody before it can move forward. And you can have them as sophisticated or as simple as you want. So, let's just say the customer PO number is not filled in and that approval has to go to maybe it's Lorraine or somebody else or the sales manager, I don't know who, but the quote can't move forward until, unless somebody makes an exception, so you can override.
it. But then that's documented that somebody overwrote it in a timestamp. Another one that we have a dealer doing is like, okay, anything that's less than 16% gross margin has to get approved by the CFO or somebody. And that automatically gets routed, shows up on their dashboard, they have to approve it. So, you can have kind of the sophisticated rules and approvals, but we've done this before and we know what the unintended consequence of this is. People are slow on approving. And so, the more... checks you put in there, you could slow the whole process down. So now you have.
to manage the people, the approvers, and then we have reporting that says okay it was assigned to them at this date and time and it took them this long to approve it. In fact, here's their average time to approve. Now you have to, you can manage that, but then you have the information there and it's available to, the approval process is right now every order over $25,000 goes into approval and then Shanna approves it. She's the project coordinator manager. Anything without a deposit in place, or basically anything that doesn't have everything. So they have to have a deposit, sign proposals, sign drawings, sign lookbook, in order to even put it into approval. If they don't have any of those things, then they have to come to me to get approval, which they do all day unabashedly, could care less.
I should have said that. He's so good and quick about responding. And then marks my backup on that. And then if there is erosion greater than $1,500 cumulative, so if they were only at $500 and then $1,000 come in, they have to email me and ask for my approval. And that's not, that sounds like a lot, but it's not that much. And when I do that, it's because I've seen so many times,
especially it will often be a new person who's the reason for the erosion, like they made a mistake. So it gives me insight into like, okay, what kind of training do we have? And also, are you making the right choice? And I always use the same story of when I first came to San Francisco, this guy Clay worked for us, and he was pretty dramatic and just about everything. And he rushed to my office the first week I was up here. By the way, they all hated me. They thought I was a hired henchman. Like I came in and just like chopped jobs and raised cops. I'm like, no, no, like I'm here to be your friend.
But he ran in and he was like, we need to rent a crane. And I was like, I'm not. He's like, this table doesn't fit in the elevator and it can't make the turn on the stairs. And I was like, okay, well, a crane is going to cost us somewhere between like $6,000 and $10,000 plus a permit plus traffic control. So can I have, like, what building is it? And he came to the building and I called the building engineer and I asked him, can we float this elevator on top of the elevator or can we float the table on top of the elevator? And if so, what would be the hourly rate for the elevator technician to be on site?
Which ended up being $1,200. And so that's why I like to look at it is because I have more experience with some of these people and I can solve problems cheaper. Like, if we're going to spend the money, let's spend it this way. So that's really all we have in place at this point. But they have to email you if their erosion meets that criteria. So they're like, bleh. Well, they usually make the PCs do it. Okay. Yeah. And that is attached. When I'm looking at the...
Well at that point though, what other options do you have? Or is it just a matter of just trying to help problem-solve for the chief? Do I come up with the best solution, or do I know something that they don't know? It's not a reckoning. They're school people. Like you said at the very beginning, it's very complicated. We're going to make errors. My job is to try to reduce it as much as possible. The two that have hurt us the hardest are both the double orders, where we've had someone.
place the same order twice and not realize that they did it. So one time I had 150 orders at workstations that I owned. Right. Because it wasn't figured out until we got a shipment notice. Right. Dang. So, that's hard. And that's part of why Shannon's supposed to go through the approval process to make sure that it's not a double order. And I don't know that there's any way to automate it. Because, you know, we are ordering similar stuff across.
Sometimes we're ordering by four, so technically it's a double order. It's all in the same project. Oh, yeah. So I don't know that there's smartness to be built into it. They want to just be constantly going, are you sure? Are you sure? To the point where people will just say yes without even thinking about it. You could say if there's another order that has the same total dollar amount within the past 30 days. That's true. That's not a hard query. No? Okay. Is there a way, because we talked about customer credit limit, do we, can we insert.
vendor credit limits? Because that's something we tip up against. Our limits. Our limits, yeah. And then... Yeah. It's a mad scramble at that nth hour because our order won't go through because we hit it. Yeah, that doesn't sound difficult. That sounds more like just a pretty simple query. When we get to... I was going to say on the bench. Yeah, on the vendor record. Yeah. This is... Whatever your percentage is.
Do you want to sit there while I'm sitting there? I'm just going to get rid of this real quick. Excuse me, excuse me. Oh, my God, amazing. Amazing. It was incredible. Enjoy. Yeah, it's nice. What is your name?
Le Heffa? Le Heffa. Mm-hmm. Joe, you're being recorded. And Gary stepped out for this one, so. Yeah. Oh yeah, that one's open too. Oh, okay, thanks. All right. Up down we have Alex and Jill. I will tell you, from being on Zoom earlier today, anyone who's sitting over here, I don't know, it doesn't pick up very good sound in this room when you're remote, FYI.
Okay. We had a really hard time listening. I had a hard time with people. I didn't know. No, I noticed it. Yeah, Kimmy was talking a couple times. Yeah. And we can hear you perfectly right now. Well, that's because I'm loud. You know? Yeah. Yeah, I think the key is to enunciate, because the microphones are up on the ceiling. Oh. I see. Because they didn't want any blemishes on the table. That's correct. Yeah. Got you. Yeah. Well, then speak loudly. Okay.
Ready when you are. I'm so close. Okay. Talks amongst yourselves. Oh, I have to reshare, don't I? Yeah, Matt, if you want to introduce, that'd be great. All right, so this session is all about pre- and front- I think I'm getting there. I have to look at what it's called. Marketing and lead management.
So it's going to be on the technical side of marketing and lead management. Let's remember that for our creatives in the room. And we'll go through the questions based off of what's working, what's not working around our CRM and front-end work that we're doing before we get to a quote or proposal or even an RFP. Matt, just a reminder, you can't record. Yes, I'm recording. Oh, sorry.
I can see that. It's in the corner, Marcus. You see the sharing key up there? Oh, yeah. Where do you need the meeting ID? Meeting ID. The meeting ID is 981-3857-6344. I don't need that.
Oh. Alex, Joe, can you let Marcus in? I'm not logged in on my... I just admitted. Perfect. Thank you. Marcus, what's the ethnicity on your last name? That's very unique. Oh, it's Italian. That's Italian? Mm-hmm. Delacqua. I don't know how to pronounce that. Delacqua. From the water is what it means.
Okay, whoops. I'm almost there. I'm sorry, guys. I'm not a Zoom person. It's okay. We're used to this. We do the same thing on Zoom. Mark is going to tell me we're the first dealer he's working with that isn't on Teams. Yeah, because we used to be on Zoom. Well, it was RingCentral, right? And then we switched to Teams because all the dealers were on Teams. And I told him I'd be there if I tried to meet you all at Teams.
You guys are all being so patient. Thank you. There we go. Marketing and lead acquisition. That's where we're at. Is there anybody new in this? No. Everybody's been here before. Okay, so we kind of have that two-step process, right? We start really with here's a quick overview of what's available to you inside of NetSuite. from a functionality standpoint. And then we do our analysis where we ask you a ton of questions about how you're doing marketing. I already learned a little bit today the way that you're doing marketing is kind of unique.
because your marketing department is actually doing like some sales process really, right? Because you're doing RFPs. So that's interesting. And so we'll talk a little about that. But from a NetSuite Orion perspective, you have email marketing capabilities inside of the system. I think you guys are using MailChimp currently. NetSuite, I feel NetSuite is a great regional marketing solution because you get 120,000 emails a month. More than we would ever use. Yeah.
And you have email marketing campaigns that you can use to manage all of that, report out on it, lead capture and management. So we also have a feature in there where like you probably have a contact us form on your site. Well, that could actually be our form embedded in your site. Yes. fills it out, it creates a lead inside the NetSuite, and then that can be routed to anybody and managed. Once you have your either leads or contacts in the system, they can be segmented and targeted.
We have duplicate detection and management, which is really important for a database. I don't know if you have that feature in core or not, but NetSuite by default does a good job of this, but what we also notice is that we've been able to leverage AI to help us even get a little bit better targeting of potential duplicates in the system. And then, as always, reporting analytics right inside the NetSuite platform, including dashboards, with KPIs and things like that. So that's how we traditionally look at marketing, but you guys do it a little bit different.
because you're doing RFPs and actually doing like some, what I would think would be considered really conversion too, right? I mean, you're actually identifying, targeting, and then managing these RFPs and eventually converting. So... As we jump into, well, here's a typical, again, not necessarily typical for you, but web form, lead creation, qualification, assigning to a rep or BD rep. Do you have the concept of business development reps?
And are they doing, what are they doing? Creation. Great question. What are Jill and Kate and Alex, what are the BD reps doing versus an account manager? They're out in the market more, we're facing out, you know, mining, dining, taking out influencers, brokers, clients, building relationships. Our account management is more like, it's oftentimes passed off.
Sometimes the account manager is getting there, but they're really then. Everything that's surrounding the project is the project manager. It depends on which account manager. There's some that mimic closer to business development. There's some that mimic closer to sales support. It just depends. Kimmy, would you say we leave it broad on purpose?
I would. I'm going to pay for it, but yes. Got it. On your flow, that's basically what our flow is now, but those web form lead creation, which comes to me, which then I qualify, and then I give it to one of the GMs, or I, if it's an existing client, give it to that person. But most of the time it's people asking if they can give us a cleaning quote, which then I delete.
So you need some captcha on there? The web form stuff is like it's usually. not, it's like a one-off, like, hi, we just need this one small little thing, so not a ton of, like, actual, I don't want to say they're not. I did get one last week that was an existing client that just wrote cubicles, and I sent it to Chris, and it resulted in an order for some, like, touchdown cubicles. Nice. Wow. Yeah, very important to have, but it's a lot of cleaning quotes, or.
I inherited my grandmother's Newell Eames chair, and I need a pad for it, and I'm like, no. Got it. Thanks. So our approach, or our framework for today is we start asking you questions about your current state, how you guys are doing things now, your overall objectives as it relates to marketing, any requirements functional, and then any requirements technical, and so let's just talk a little bit more about your current state and how you're doing things,
and let's talk about. All right. first for potential leads. We just mentioned one, the contact us form is one. RFPs would be another. I imagine influencers is probably your primary one, right? You're probably getting leads from your influencers. But most of those are managed by our business development team or the general managers with their relationships. So they're the owners of all of that. And an RFP will come in through one of them.
It's not like it just comes to KBM Hoag. It comes in through a relationship that's already been established with an outside project management firm, or an architecture and design firm or a client themselves. Maybe we've had a past relationship with them. Sometimes the manufacturing. So it's a manual process, really. Yep. So it comes- Those people are putting in, if they choose to, they're not required to, putting in opportunities and assigning a value, a probability to them.
and then it may get converted from there and the converted process right now is it stays in Zendesk if they put it in there and stays in there if it's an established account account managers are supposed to be putting it in there and updating it for forecasting purposes and then when it gets ordered or doesn't get ordered it either gets marked close one or close loss and then it just dies in there and if it's closed one it moves over to core so that's what's happening with that at the moment as far as the process did I miss anything on the RFP side I'm sorry as if he said moves.
that is manual again it doesn't move automatically I should say the user moves from Zendesk to core yeah yeah the RFP side is a little similar but slightly different in that there's another step so it'll be entered into Zendesk and managed there and then once that RFP lands like we get a formal request mm-hmm, submission from whatever the stakeholder is that business developer or account manager will put in a formal project request through Asana to the marketing.
team and in that request they give a lot of background information provide project links documentation all of the things and then the marketing project manager schedules a kickoff call with the key stakeholders to review but part of what's in that Asana request is also the projected volume and so we track what that projected volume is versus what the actual volume is so that we can see like how many people are overestimating what is this really and then over time we can see like who's more accurate than others and how do we.
allocate resources for projects got it so when you go back to the RFP you said the RFP gets through a certain stage then there's a request for the project what's that name of the stage again? say that we know an RFP is coming once it arrives. Yeah. Then the salesperson puts in a request to marketing to respond to the RFP. Okay. So that's that step. Yeah. So marketing is not tracking anything for an RFP until they receive that request. Okay. Yeah. I gotcha. I also say like.
in Zendesk, when our business development team gets a lead, whether it's like from even a tenant's in the market list or they're talking to a broker or an A&D firm and they know something's coming, the amount of information that they decide to input on that lead in Zendesk varies widely. Like some people will put activities or tasks or contacts in their lead in Zendesk. Some people will not. Some people are actually working and you have other people that are just licking everything and calling it theirs. Yeah. Gotcha. There's another thing in Zendesk that I think.
would be really helpful for future marketing and sales enablement opportunities, which is, I think if marketing had more insight into, what some of those leads are and could see and track over time the sectors and how the market is changing then it would be easier for that team to create proactively create content target it but then also going back to what you were talking about with the email content like being able to have that insight to.
proactively create targeted email yep material yeah like if we could see like okay here's all of our contacts in the broker world great here's our once a month or once a quarter we're posting our current market rates that we're seeing like by tier you know like things like that or don't have targeted campaigns right now we have a one-size-fits-all so when we do send something out the same package no matter what your role is or and the click rates aren't great.
like the click rates aren't great so there's just really no way right now to target mm-hmm so, you, And you would want to target, like, a certain content in the database based on their role, whether they're a GC or... Role and sector. Vertical market? Yeah, vertical market. I think we see healthcare spreading upwards. We want to be able to tailor our message to... Yeah. Well, like, Alex's market is different than Jill's market, which is different from Kate's market, so we want to be able to tailor those markets... By location.
By location and by what their focus may be. Yeah. The other thing that we run into with that, just not on the marketing side, but just on the communication side, like, if we need to email just clients a change in rates, we need to email vendors a change in process. Like, right now we have to manually pull all that information, load all that in, which, MailChimp gets really pissed off when you try to load it in Excel because they think you're going to spam a bunch of people. Yeah. And then most of it bounces anyways. So, like, being able to control just communication in general, whether it's marketing specific.
or... Whatever. And this is sort of a... But will this also then manage our surveys? Yeah, we talked about that earlier. Yeah. So the vendor... Nolan has a customer service survey. That communication to your partners can all be done in Nutsuite pretty easily. When you're doing email marketing, the one thing to consider is the subscription status, because they need to be opted in. Yeah, and that's what we haven't been able to figure out how to do with Core.
Yeah. Because we're collecting that information in that new client form, or it's being entered in manually by an account manager or a salesperson, there's no chain of control for that data. It just gets put in, and because we're not emailing through Core, we're pulling that information down and uploading it. So I've never understood how you get somebody to opt in if they're just like... Yeah, so if it's like transactional communication or informational communication related to...
orders or anything like that you don't they don't have to opt into that it's only when you're going to be doing some type of email campaign and I'm sure who's doing MailChimp right now okay so they probably have gone through some type of opt-in campaign no to their recipients because there's all these what does it span what is it called can't span or whatever all these rules around who you can email market to yeah what does the system even allow.
yeah if you can give a reason why or basically state that like I'm not